--- S01E01 ---
Is that some sort of a letter, Marshal? - Journal.
- Journal.
Good.
You know, I was goin' to Deadwood, same as you.
- Is that so? - I had my plans about set.
I only wish to Christ I could get these past three days back.
I can imagine.
No law at all in Deadwood, is that true? Being on Indian land.
So then you won't be a marshal? Taking goods there to open a hardware business, me and my partner.
If I'd have got there, I'd have been prospectin'.
Jesus Christ Almighty.
No law at all, gold you can scoop from the streams with your bare hands, and I gotta go and fuck myself up by supposedly stealing Byron Samson's horse.
It's poor damn timing at the least.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
I'm sorry as hell about your shoulder.
Flesh wound.
Don't look like it wants to infect.
Well, never mind flesh wounds, sir, when you are goin' to meet your maker, you don't feature telling him that you shot a marshal in the shoulder for only doing his legally ordained job.
He may have heard worse stories.
God? Well, if he ain't, I'll tell him six or seven just on people of my own personal acquaintance.
I'd like to suggest an idea to you, sir, that I pray as a Christian man you will entertain on its own fuckin' merits.
Does it involve letting you go? I know two scores, Mr.
Bullock, that we could make in transit without moving People with cash on hand, and if once we hit Deadwood and you didn't want to have anything to do with me, we'd never speak again.
We would meet as strangers the rest of our fuckin' lives.
Now you tell me what you think of that, sir.
It don't appeal to me.
Get the fuck out of here for a moment, would you, sir? Byron Samson's comin' for him.
Sir, would you please get the fuck out till we have finished our previous conversation? - How many backing his play? - A dozen, shit-faced.
Samson caved in Tommy Raymond's head at - the No-Name Frog.
He went against it.
- What are you conversing at? Jesus Christ! Come out and talk to us, Bullock! Now who is that? That sounds like Byron Samson.
- Yeah.
- What would he want? Now tell me what kind of fuckin' luck I got.
All you're doing stalling, Bullock, is pissin' me off! 'Cause I guarantee you ain't making it through in there till sun-up! So why don't you climb out from behind your badge, and your big brick building, and you bring Clell Watson out here so we can give him what he fuckin' deserves! What have we got here? Whoa! It's a Jew on a wagon! Yeah, right out here in the alley! I'm executing sentence now and he's hangin' under color of law.
You and your partner plan on making Deadwood, Marshal, do not try for this scaffold.
That's a deal, you loud-mouthed cocksucker! You hear this? Oh! Wait, this ain't right.
My sister was comin' in the morning.
- What would you have her told? - That's not enough of a drop.
I'll strangle for 20 minutes.
I'll help you with the drop.
Get up and say what you'd have your sister told.
Do not tether that rope off of that porch! Any more gunplay gets answered.
You called the law in, Samson.
You don't get to call it off just 'cause you're liquored up and popular on payday.
You don't tell us what to do and what not to do, 'cause you're leaving Montana anyways! Now do not jump off of that stool, you cocksucker! Or what? You'll kill me? You tell my sister if my boy turns up, raise him good.
What else? Tell her give him my boots.
What else? Tell him his daddy loved him.
Tell him he has God's forgiveness.
Anything else? You help me with my fuckin' fall! Come ahead.
Fuck you! Stay back! Move the fuck back, while my partner while my partner's taking his sweet-ass time writing whatever the fuck he's writing over there! Who'll give his last words to the sister? None of you better fucking move! Shit! I'll do it.
Thank you.
- Let's go.
- Hee.
Move ahead! Move out of the way! - Move! - Jesus Christ, come on! - What's going on! - Move it up there! Same damn wagon that broke down yesterday, Bill! That's the hold up, huh? Same wagon and no damn room to maneuver.
Sounds like it's tighter out there than a bull's ass in fly season.
- How's your headache? - Not bad.
You want me to canvass for whiskey? That's all right, Jane.
Believe me, we're stuck here a fucking while.
I know your canvassing techniques.
I don't want any casualties on my conscience.
It's only Wild Bill Hickok you got stalled here in the muck! You ignorant fucking cunts! We're out here the whole goddamn day? What a goddamn circus! Shit.
- We've got no water! - All right, friend.
Let's go! Come on, now, come on, now, come on.
Chickens for sale! $3.
00 a pair.
Get your chickens here.
This lot rents at 20 a day, Seth.
- $20 a day.
- Tent only, no construction.
Corner location.
In advance, every morning, to Mr.
Swearengen at the Gem.
- Where's the Gem? - You'll find it.
Everybody does.
Eight ounces of gold at $20 an ounce is 160 plus $10 for a half-ounce makes 170 total.
Inform your dealers and whores of my credit, and pour me a goddamn drink! Honor and a pleasure, my good man.
for Ellsworth.
Yes, sir, I'll let everybody know.
Lot four, some hardware guys.
First one today with this hand.
And pour me another, my good man.
Here comes another.
- Lot four a stayer? - Wagon loaded with goods.
Now with that limey damn accent of yours, are these rumors true that you're descended from the British nobility? I'm descended from all of them cocksuckers.
Well here's to you, Your Majesty.
I'll tell you what, I may have fucked my life up flatter than hammered shit, but I stand here before you today beholden to no human cocksucker, and working a paying fucking gold claim.
And not the U.
S.
Government saying I'm trespassing, or the savage fucking red man himself, or any of these limber dick cocksuckers passing themselves off as prospectors had better try and stop me.
They'd better not try it in here.
God damn it, Swearengen, I don't trust you as far as I can throw you, but I enjoy the way you lie.
- Thank you, my good man.
- You're welcome, you conniving, heavy-thumbed motherfucker! Watch out! That's her derringer.
I warned you about that loopy cunt! Keep your own tally! Oh, have no fear on that score.
I said not to beat on me! I told him! Ticonderoga, New York, Barnett Robinson - You got any other guns? - No, I don't got any more.
Ticonderoga, New York, Barnett Robinson Ticonderoga, New York did you find it? Barnett Robinson.
That's who to notify if this thing goes wrong.
Yeah, I've got it right here.
- How you doing, Trixie? - I told him, don't beat on me, Doc! - No one asked for your version! - Said I robbed him and he started beating on me.
And I didn't rob you! - I don't remember.
- I didn't, God damn it! Aw, she shot me right in the head.
D-don't put your fingers in it.
Oh yeah, is it bad, Doc? Shh, shh, shh.
Get the Chinaman! Sure would like to know how he lasted for 20 minutes.
Shot straight to the brain.
So prospect in him till Dan brings the Chinaman.
Do you mind if I take him to my place? Sure.
Help the doc with this guy, bring the Chinaman to the Doc's.
I'll bring that sled right in, Doc.
Doc, you drink free today.
And I hope any word of this would keep the gun out of the whore's hand.
- That wouldn't come from me.
- Bastard did himself in.
- Come here.
- I said to stop.
Tell me in my office.
Get the gimp to clean this place up.
Ugh, Doc! You know there's something peculiar about this man's cerebral setup or they can just write off the forebrain as being the center of thought and speech.
Let's just get him on the sled.
Of course it won't matter to Mr.
Wu's pigs.
Whiskey.
I've got an urge to see that camp, Charlie.
All right - Can we leave you with the stock, Jane? - Yeah.
Bill and me are gonna ride ahead into camp.
I expect I'll be there before sundown.
Well, we'll know where to find you.
What in the hell do you mean by that? That I enjoy a fucking drink? I wasn't aware that's outlawed.
Thanks for looking to the stock, Jane.
Excuse my ill humor.
Certain people wear on my fucking nerves.
She likes me better than she likes you.
I wish to hell I knew what I ever did to get on that woman's wrong side.
- You know a back way into the camp? - Whoa.
We don't go to the camp.
We go home back to Minnesota.
You probably got the right idea.
Jesus Christ Almighty, move it! I can't get to my spot until you finish! You got me circling my wagon like a fly around shit.
We're pretty near done.
We gotta long wait, same as you.
This the first wagon you ever fucking unloaded?! Hold on to my horse, I'll show you how to do it! We know what we're doing.
Put your hat back on and stick with your wagon.
- And what if I don't? - Stand there mouthing off and find out.
Sir I have a commode for your inconvenience.
- You think I'm gonna pay for that? - No, that's free.
From Star & Bullock Hardware, open in Deadwood soon as we locate.
Hurry up and get finished! My father's last words there in Vienna, before he passed away, was "Sol, lose a can to buy the goddamned fool.
You could slow it down and sell 'em at retail.
" I gotta put a book together of your old man's deathbed sayings.
That was Wild Bill Hickok just riding past us, Seth.
I seen him in photographs.
He lost his stake gambling.
He told me before he passed out.
He said he lost his stake and he hadn't found no gold and he was going back East after one last piece of pussy.
None of that's anything to me.
He wakes back up, starts in beating on me.
Where's his stake, where's all his money? You call Danny, you call Johnny.
Must've been me who took it from him.
You don't shoot nobody 'cause that's bad for my business and it's bad for the camp's reputation.
He beat the living shit out of you, didn't he? Do what you gotta do to me.
Don't tell me what to do.
Either way this comes out, we'll only have to do it once.
What's it to be, Trixie? I'll be good.
All right now.
We heard rumors you might be coming, but you can't believe every rumor.
We heard you might be coming from Cheyenne.
- Here I am.
- If every rumor was true we'd all have been scalped now by the Sioux, or the government would've tossed us out as treaty violators.
- E.
B.
Farnum, how do you do? - Charlie Utter.
You got some mighty clammy hands there, partner.
Damp palms run in my family.
Here to prospect, Mr.
Hickok, or on other business? I'm here to get a room.
Could we get two? We're worn out looking at each other.
Separate rooms.
I'll arrange that by tomorrow, but today I can't fix it.
Unless you kill a guest.
Wild Bill Hickok.
Nothing can ever be simple.
He didn't speak of having lawman ambitions, Al.
Starting with Custer getting himself massacred, it's been one thing after another.
Leaves the godless savage cocksucker Sioux on the warpath if that long-haired loudmouth had held his end up, we could be operating here in peace.
The New York dude's downstairs, Al.
- Did he order whiskey? - Yeah.
Did he down it or is he sipping at it? He's sipping.
Why'd I even ask, huh? Go get Tim Driscoll.
Make sure the dude sees you leave.
- What should I tell Tim? - Tell him to get over here.
Tell him he's drunk, sorry for himself, give me five minutes, - then you come back, do your part.
- All right, Al.
As far as Hickok, Al, if I'd have pushed him any harder on his plans, I was afraid he'd shoot me.
- Go get Driscoll.
- Yes, sir.
Handmade! It's all handmade, guaranteed.
It ain't like something's being foisted on 'em they'll be sorry they bought come sun-up.
- I know that.
- These are quality items.
They meet these folk's needs offered at fair markup, and we're announcing their availability.
Brought through Indian country figures into the markup.
By us, at personal peril.
Let's go.
Coming out with your fly down might strike the wrong note.
Come have a look, boys.
Star & Bullock Hardware and Mercantile just opened for business.
We got boots to sell you.
Knee-boots, $10! Hip-boots, 15! We got picks, pans and shovels.
Picks at $12, shovels at 10, and pans at 8! We got plaster cradles, prospector's best friend.
Perfected at the Montana strikes! We got chamber-pots to sell you.
If you don't know what one of those is, the man living next to you will appreciate your finding out.
I'll look at your biggest size hip-boot.
- Got 'em right here.
- We stand by our stock.
Any item that don't do what it's supposed to will be exchanged for one that does.
And we'll be here for you to find us.
Son of a bitch! The man said I might get a prize.
I paid 50c for this bar of soap, there's a $5 prize in the wrapper.
- Where'd you buy that soap at? - Man standing right over there.
Front your game away from our tent.
Cash prizes, every night's case of soap.
Hey, storekeep! Hold me some of those large hip-boots till I get over there - and I'll pay you $2 extra.
- Set prices, boys, and first come, first to be served.
We'll get you squared away.
No free feels in this house.
Brom Garret of Manhattan, scourge of the Deadwood faro tables.
Don't think I confuse two nights holding good cards with being a faro shark.
Two here, Dan.
You you see a finish to that? Did you hear Bill Hickok's in town? Oh yes, I did.
Does that give you the vapors? Are you mad about something, Al? I'm not mad about nothing.
All's I can tell you, things sort out fast in Deadwood.
I vouched for you with Tim Driscoll two hours in here last night when I gather you must have been home in bed, sleeping.
End result, Tim's just about got his claim sold to E.
B.
Farnum.
What? Where's Driscoll now? He ain't here so I'd assume at his hotel.
- You told me he's here by 6:00.
- He ain't yet.
Al, E.
B.
Farnum just saw me here and headed for the door.
I wouldn't know how to interpret that.
I was doing the legwork, Al.
I was doing the due diligence.
You tell me Driscoll's got money troubles, and he's a motivated seller, fair enough.
But how did I know his claim's not played out? - I had to do the legwork.
- I see, fair enough.
- Oh that's what I had to ascertain.
- Did you do the legwork? Al.
For God's sake, close your fist.
Cleaned up during the night with five more just like it from Claim No.
9 above Discovery, panned at the Driscoll claim.
All I can say, Brom, while you were out winning the battle I hope you didn't lose the fucking war.
Al.
Who is that? Tim Driscoll shit-faced.
Let me handle the play.
Oh my God, he is shit-faced.
- Boys? - Whiskeys.
Two whiskeys.
I'm I'm respecting your privacy not saying your name, but I certainly recognize you and I'd like to buy the round.
- Charlie Utter.
- Tom Nuttall, Charlie.
Tom.
It's Bill Hickok.
I seen him kill Phil Coe in Abilene.
Ahem, A.
W.
Merrick, Mr.
Hickok, of the "Deadwood Pioneer.
" - We're drinking whiskey.
- Certainly.
Certainly.
Whiskeys here, Mr.
Nuttall.
I'm gonna say one thing before anybody opens their mouth, and I won't say no more on the subject, and I'll be through for the fucking evening I'm not impressed.
So what brings you to our camp, Mr.
Hickok? May I tell my readers? Warrant out on me in Cheyenne.
Aw, get off of that now, Bill.
Well, I suppose for a man like you, warrants are a vocational hazard.
Calling me a professional vagrant.
- The warrant was for vagrancy? - He's kidding! Anyway, in this camp, warrants don't count.
I'm telling you he's not impressed, all right? Now you may apply that to whoever you feel may be my reference.
And I intend to gut that son of a bitch at poker whenever I get the chance.
You run that game? Can I buy 50 in chips? I do and you can.
Just settle up after you see how your luck runs.
Feel like playing now, Bill, or you wanna take in the rest of the camp? I feel like playing now.
Draw and five stud.
Dealer calls the game.
Sounds fair.
See you later, Charlie.
All right, Bill.
- You boys mind if I sit in? - Not at all, have a seat.
What a grand surprise.
I never thought he'd live long enough for me to meet him.
I need another gun.
What, in case they beat on you? Never mind what for, just take this and get me another gun.
Go on, you can touch my nipples if you want to.
Now Mabel! Mabel! Get your ass across that table! This dollar is not for drink.
- My name's Caroline.
- Well, you'll always be Mabel to me.
Claim No.
9 above Discovery, $14,000, yes or no? $14,000, yes or no? All right, we'll make it 14,000.
Spit in your hand.
Spit in your hand.
- What's his fucking problem? - Aw, nothing.
Done, witnessed.
- Am I too late? - Mm.
No, no, no, but you're too late Farnum.
I just sold to this goose-looking fella for 14,000.
- Will you take 16? - No, thank you, but no.
What a fucking lying cunt you are.
"12 and a half thousand that's every cent I can get hold of, Mr.
Driscoll.
And more than the claim is worth" you said.
standing over a drink.
I believe events will prove that Claim No.
9 above Discovery was worth far more than 16,000, Mr.
Farnum.
Unhand me, Al.
Though, you know, of course, I haven't actually seen - his fucking money yet.
- I'm discounting his banknote.
Dan.
There's $10,000.
I'll weigh four out of the other sack right now.
Al's holding a full faith letter of credit for $20,000 from the Bank of New York.
Full faith is one thing, but until the money has actually passed hands between us, the deal isn't done.
- The deal is done.
- The deal isn't done.
- The deal is done.
- We spat in our hands.
What the fuck would you know?! I'll knock you into the middle of next week.
Now, would you offer me the 16,000? I suppose, if you're open to further offers.
- What the fuck did you just do? - Will you close at 16.
5? - You just reopened the fucking bidding.
- 17,000.
I'll go no farther.
- 18! - 19! I can put together.
Damn it! Damn it! - 20 twice.
- I can't.
It's over, he's through.
- Is it over? - All right.
in the shiny suit.
- I got it, Al.
- Yes, you did.
Comes to look for a business opportunity, and sits there losing at poker.
Is he having a bad run? I can't see that far.
You'd have to see back to Cheyenne.
He lost his patience, stays in hands whether he's holding cards or not.
How's your crowd in here tonight, anyway? Oh, it's all right.
It's better than all right, you could see that much.
Bill Hickok's an asset to any saloon, any joint he frequents.
- You agree with me on that or not? - You got a say in that? - As far as where he drinks and gambles? - Suppose I did? frequent here exclusive.
What a sport you turned out to be.
- You quote a figure.
- Let's come to one understanding.
Any figure I would've come up with, part of that you give to him to gamble or piss away however else he's gonna do it.
That'd be the only part he'd know about.
I'd work with you.
The rest you'd give to me to hold in trust for his future.
- Now that'd be your affair.
- Listen to me, that man's recently married.
He needs to put a stake together.
That's all I'd be in this for.
I'd work with you.
Banish all headaches.
Spit in your hand, Alma! - What? - Spit.
I'm gonna show you something.
Promise you'll tell my mother about this.
I bought it.
We own a gold claim.
This is how we sealed the deal.
And then did everyone dry their hands? Do you know who I was bidding against? Farnum, who owns this hotel.
Oh and where was your secret agent? Dan Dority? He was tending bar.
No one realized how Dan had helped me wreck and order the claim.
Now Swearengen runs the saloon he was intermediary, he brokered the deal.
Driscoll, the seller, legless with liquor.
You will have a vivid entry for an article and I've told you all the details.
Yes, I've already begun to imagine it.
It was a near thing till the end.
I had to go all our 20,000 to turn Farnum away.
Oh well.
I'll have to write the bank to renew my credit.
Of course they'll contact Father.
Well I expect that's inevitable.
Wild Bill Hickok is here.
I'm sure he's going to prospect too.
- How much do you want? - Well, we agreed on 30%.
- 30% of 20 would be six.
- Mm-hmm.
So I want the 6,000.
What's 30% of 14,000? - What the fuck, Al? - Who told you to take him to 20? Well, I could feel that he had more in him.
It was just a spontaneous fucking feeling and I knew that there was more to get.
And you thought six more would be the jackpot, take him from 14 to 20.
Oh Jesus Christ, you know, if you had further plans, I wish you'd have just said something to me.
Should I tell you when I plan to take a shit tomorrow or would that be none of your fucking business? So 14,000.
what is that now 4,200.
What the fuck arrangement do you suggest now? - What do you suggest? - Oh Jesus Christ Almighty! You get in a mood like this and I just as soon as not even discuss it.
Look, let me just have 500, you know, and we'll discuss the rest of it some other fucking time.
Cash or credit at the tables? Fucking time of trial, the fucking English in you comes out.
Fine.
I'll have the 500 at the fucking tables then.
Jesus Christ Almighty! - Are we holding markers? - You're holding markers, all right.
You've been holding markers against my kind for the past several centuries, across both sides of the fucking water! How the fuck do I know?! Ask Dority, he'll know better than me.
Credit it against the fucking markers, but just let me hold 20, in fucking cash.
- Tell Dan to give you 20.
- And a piece of fucking pussy.
Tell Dan, then tell him to come see me.
And thanks for stepping in on the side of right and fucking justice, you deaf dumb bastard! I tell you, Al, you could have knocked me over with a feather when he took him to 20.
Did you see me struggling to stay on the path? My wife and children are in Louisville, Kentucky.
I'm saving to bring them out.
Days I dig on the Foster's water ditch and nights I watch folk's goods like I'm going to do for yours.
Schedule like that seems like you'll have 'em here in no time.
Then sabbaths I preach Christ crucified and raised from the dead.
I'm from Etobicoke, Ontario.
- So you were born in Canada? - I come to Montana when I was 17.
- That's when I met up with Mr.
Star.
- Is that so? I was born in Austria.
Austria? Wonderful where people come from.
I was born in Austria and then I grew up in Chillicothe, Ohio.
And then you partnered with Mr.
Bullock in Montana? That's where we partnered up.
The Lord is our final comfort, but it's a solace having friends.
I know that from past experience.
You sure sold up a storm here tonight, didn't you? - We did all right.
- We'll be a few hours, Mr.
Smith.
We want to look around the camp.
I will watch your goods as if they were my own.
- Thank you, Mr.
Smith.
- Thank you.
Whoa.
I seen a terrible thing tonight.
What'd you see? I seen white people dead and scalped and men, women, and children with their arms and legs hacked off.
Where? How many dead? Well, it was a whole family on the road to Spearfish.
Oh my God, it's them heathen bloodthirsty savages! - How many was it died? - It was the whole family, they was hacked and mutilated.
The parents, two children.
The Metz family took the Spearfish road going home to Minnesota.
Then that was probably them then.
They had three children.
Were there three? There could've been three 'cause they was all hacked and spread around.
Rest their souls.
- Rest their souls.
- Yeah.
You probably need a drink.
You called my bluff, Hickok.
I was trying to run one.
Whoa! Wait on Mary.
I got a third eight under there.
Three eights wins, your pot.
- Oh I absolutely did not realize that.
- Your chips.
Here I am thinking I'm fucking bluffing the third eight, and I mistakenly outdraw the greatest gunfighter in the world.
Meaning the third eight.
- What? - Saying you outdrew me.
You meant the third eight.
Well, what else would I have meant? Say it.
Then we'll play cards.
Third eight's what I meant.
- Deal.
- Ante's up, same again.
Jesus Christ, can we shake hands or something? Relieve the atmosphere? I mean, how stupid do you think I am? I don't know.
I just met you.
The paradox is the massacre at Little Big Horn signaled the Indians' death throes, Mr.
Utter.
History has overtaken the treaty which gave them this land.
Well, the gold we found has overtaken it.
I believe within a year Congress will rescind the Fort Laramie Treaty, Deadwood and these hills will be annexed to the Dakota Territory, and we who have pursued our destiny outside law or statute will be restored to the bosom of the nation.
And that's what I believe.
- Does bosom mean tit? - Same thing.
Ain't nothing against y'all fellas, but I'd as soon do my drinking and getting a piece of ass.
First you want people to know about that family.
Yeah, well, what harm is it in me meeting my needs before I circulate the news? What if the third child is alive? You listen, mister, it was a massacre.
I'm the one who saw it.
And there ain't no one was alive.
Did you see the massacre or not? I told you I got there afterwards.
So by then, the child could've got away from where you saw those other bodies? Or the child could've been hiding and so afraid of who you might be, it didn't call out.
You listen to me, I ain't going back out there again tonight, so you mind your own goddamn business! You're saying a family is massacred by Indians on the road to Spearfish and one child may still be alive - and it's no one's concern - What's this about a massacre? Oh, for Christ's sake! God damn it! I ain't going out there again tonight after I just made camp with my scalp by sheer dumb fucking luck! Ride out and show us the place.
I'll guarantee your scalp.
- You riding? - Yeah.
- We'll ride.
- May I ride? I'd be honored to ride, infirmities permitting.
Here we go.
Wild Bill fucking Hickok.
You were a marshal in Kansas? Yeah.
- And you? - Montana.
- Come to your senses now? - Yes, sir.
The fella's story on this don't hold water.
No, it don't.
- What'd you give Driscoll? - 20 bucks.
Free poke with Wanda.
- Half-smart mick that he is.
- Yeah.
Tim really fucked up with the dude, huh? I guess the dude's case money.
Dude only out here three days.
How's the dude ask his people back home for more? - They're liable to send the Pinkertons.
- So shut the dude down? You being his secret best friend, he'll want you out prospecting in the morning beside him.
That claim needs to pinch out.
Oughtn't take but a couple days, he ain't got much sand.
Tim Driscoll needs to be seen to.
- No kidding now? - No kidding.
Well, not that anybody asked, but I'd look to Trixie for danger before I'd look to Tim.
No kidding! Jimmy says the Sioux massacred a family on the Spearfish road.
A hand come into Nuttall's No.
10 - telling the story, Mr.
Swearengen.
- Who was he? - I never seen him before.
- Can you get him over here? Is he still at Nuttall's? They're riding back out to where it happened.
Hickok and some others were riding with him.
Did the hand look happy to be riding back out with Hickok? He didn't look too happy.
How many people downstairs did you tell about this? - A few.
- A few? You let him tell a few people downstairs before you bring this to me? Al, I brought him as soon as I heard! How many people do you think the people he talked to have talked to by now? I guarantee at this minute my entire fucking action downstairs is fucked up! Nobody's drinking, nobody's gambling, nobody's chasing tail.
I have to deal with that! You want $10 or a bottle of dope? Bottle of dope please, Mr.
Swearengen.
- Give him a bottle of dope.
- Come on, I'll take care of you.
He's got a lot on his mind, Johnny.
Quiet! Al's got words! I guess when it starts pissing rain in here, you know who to blame, huh? I know word's circulating, Indians killed a family on the Spearfish road.
Now it's not for me to tell anyone in this camp what to do, much as I don't want more people getting their throats cut, their scalps lifted, or any other godless thing that these godless bloodthirsty heathens do or even if someone wants to ride out in darkest night, but I will tell you this: I'd use tonight to get myself organized, ride out in the morning, clear-headed, and starting tomorrow morning, I will offer a personal $50 bounty for every decapitated head of as many of these godless heathen cocksuckers as anyone can bring in, tomorrow, with no upper limit! That's all I say on that subject except next round's on the house.
And God rest the souls of that poor family.
Amen.
And pussy's half-price next 15 minutes.
Okay, ladies, let's go.
She must have done some fancy fucking to keep Al from killing her.
Where's Bill Hickok? Where's Charlie Utter? Give me a drink! It's all right, Al, I know you got a lot on your mind.
That was one hell of a good talk.
Look, you got everybody back at the tables, - doing what they do.
- Tell you the truth, for murdering people on the road to Spearfish my money'd be on Persimmon Phil.
Make it look like Indians.
That is his speciality.
Is it true? Indians killing white people? That's the sewer mouth that follows Hickok around.
Why are we standing here? Riding out tomorrow, daybreak.
Oh, really? Tomorrow? What's your fucking rush?! I'm going now.
Even without Bill.
Even without Charlie.
I know the road to Spearfish.
And I don't drink where I'm the only fucking one with balls! Let her go.
She ain't taking any business with her.
And don't forget to kill Tim.
Yah.
Wah! Yah! Get to your room.
You should be sleeping on a goddamn pew.
You in love? Wake up, friend.
Come on now.
You know I don't intrude on the affairs of others.
Problem enough keeping my own life straight.
When something's not my affair, I don't pretend it is.
Contrariwise, if you feel like talking about that headlight I'll pay a dollar a minute to hear you.
Get anything off your chest you feel like.
What I got on my chest don't concern you, Ellsworth.
And fuck us all anyway for the limber-dick cocksuckers we are.
- What is it? - Just hush, Tim.
Doc! Get up! Doc! Doc! Doc! Wake up! Doc! Oh God Wait for me, God damn it! Just hold on till I'm with you.
She don't mean nothing, Doc, she's just excitable.
What kinda hand is your friend with a gun? I don't feel qualified to say.
I guess I done my duty and I was glad enough to help.
Stick around, see if she lives.
Nah, I was glad enough to have done my duty and that little one will be in my prayers.
- Get down off your horse.
- Listen to me.
I'm an innocent man, it it was them Indians, God damn it! Too much ransacking, and too many goods left behind.
Someone was after money.
God damn it, if I had something to do with what happened, why'd I come to this camp, huh? Maybe when it got thick out there you ran.
Maybe the others was going to ground, but you had to have pussy.
And get to a faro layout.
I felt that way sometimes after a kill.
Get down off your horse, or face the consequences.
Was that you or me, Montana? My money'd be on you.
Yeah?

--- S01E02 ---
Hold it, now keep the tension on it, boys! Got to pull it to the left.
That's it! Wash-ee.
Wash-ee.
Eat-ee.
His dog them eat-ee too.
Or, eat-ee him yourself, you leering heathen.
Is this for me? Brought it for you.
Get out.
Pointed the gun at him! Boom, shot him right there! That's the guy over there.
Him and Wild Bill got the guy right in the eye.
You touch that hotel's kitchen, Seth? I'll meet you.
Men like Mr.
Seth Bullock there raise their camp up.
Yeah, fella to be put in that box might argue with you, Reverend.
Mr.
Bullock did not draw first.
And I point to his commissioning me to build the departed a coffin and see to his Christian burial.
Well, any idea of the departed's name? In his effects I found a letter addressed to Tom Mason.
Well, I know a Tom Mason.
But that feller keeping cool in the creek, that ain't him.
Which, having prayed, I decided to open.
The sender, Mrs.
Walter Mason writes, "I've asked your brother Ned to bear this to you.
" From which I conclude the departed's name is Ned.
Ned Mason, huh? Perhaps the Tom Mason you know is the dead man's brother? If he is in camp he should be notified.
No, I ain't seen Tom around.
Coffee! Morning, Al.
I'd like someone to tell me what in fuck is going forward in this camp? Tim Driscoll's checked out.
I can tell you that much.
- Left your hotel, has he? - Moved to Wu's pigsty.
- What was that shootout about? - At sun-up? - Yeah, fucking sun-up! - Far as I heard, Al, Hickok and one of them hardware guys you're renting to, threw down on the fella brought word in of that squarehead family's massacre.
Suspected he was in on the kill.
What's it to Hickok or that hardware guy either how them squareheads come to die? I couldn't agree with you more.
If you don't stop dragging that fucking leg Coffee? I might have one cup.
Did you know one squarehead lived? Little squarehead girl.
They took her to the doc's.
- What condition? - I don't know, Al.
If she was to live, wouldn't she have a story to tell? Wake up.
- How's that little one? - She's still among us.
I'm asking you what her prospects are? If her wounds don't fester, she might can have a fighting chance.
Good.
None of that to him.
Oh, he's all right.
Not a word.
- Morning.
- Morning, Bullock.
I was wondering how that child fared.
Iffy.
Touch and go.
I'm not optimistic.
Has she spoken? She's not conscious.
Be surprised if she ever is.
I'd like to hear whichever way it goes.
If you see Bill Hickok, or that sore asshole, Charlie Utter, could you tell him I looked to the stock? Sure, I'll let him know.
You're wrong not to trust him.
He formed a party that found that little one among all the dead of her family.
Didn't he? And didn't he also shoot a man he suspected in the murders? And if I were to confide in him would he circulate my optimism? I mean, wouldn't he say, "When the little one speaks, you'll see I was right.
Not the Sioux killed her family, but road agents"? And supposing it was road agents, and they hear his talk, where's the little one stand then? You got a dark turn of mind.
I see as much misery outta them moving to justify theirselves as them that set out to do harm.
Same dead roach in the same damn biscuit.
He stuck to his position.
- Morning.
- Morning, Montana.
Yeah.
- Joe? - Much obliged.
Your friend asked me to say she's looked to your stock.
Thanks.
She's back now watching over that child we found.
Far as her chances, the doc's not optimistic.
From the look of him, think that doc's been wrong once or twice in his life? Maybe once or twice.
We'll likely be by your tent later.
Get Bill here outfitted with some prospecting gear.
Yes, sir.
Don't do that, Charlie.
- Do what? - Trumpet my intentions.
Herd me like a damn steer.
Ain't you here to prospect gold? If you're just gonna gamble, Bill, let's get it set.
I'll arrange appearance money for you.
That ain't gambling.
It's shilling for the house.
It's getting you a regular damn source of income.
So's this don't wind up like Cheyenne.
What offer should we make at the purchase of that lot? Barber next to us paid 600 for his lot 10 days ago.
- Seller's market.
- Mm-hmm.
I'd say we're well bought at 750, we don't go past 1,000.
Uh, may I, um, join you? Well, Mr.
Bullock, after the events of last night, for an ink-stained wretch like myself finding you and Mr.
Hickok here in the same dining room is luck indeed.
I don't want to talk about last night's events.
All right, fair enough.
I now pocket my notebook, sir.
The same wretched biscuits.
Mrs.
Garret.
I hoped you slept well.
As it happens, I did not.
I'm very sorry.
Do you require the doctor? Yes.
Please.
Certainly, ma'am, of course.
Sorry you're poorly again.
That is Mrs.
Alma Garret.
Whose husband, I'm told, standing at the bar at Swearengen's saloon purchased a gold claim last night for $20,000.
We rent our lot from Al Swearengen.
I'm not surprised to hear it.
Tim Driscoll, the claim's seller, lives here in this hotel.
He, uh must be sleeping in.
Do you mind? Morning, boys! - Good morning! - Ellsworth.
Name's Ellsworth.
I hear you bought these digs.
Brom Garret, how do you do? My claim's next one over.
I see.
You cleaning up any yellow? Day's young! How are things running at your claim? Made my quota for whiskey, pussy and food.
Then you best get on down to The Gem, Ellsworth.
Further efforts'll only benefit the faro dealers.
This exact spot showed a fistful of nuggets two nights ago.
Well, don't weaken, pilgrim.
Nuggets are nothing.
She's usually gonna show you some flake.
Thanks for the encouraging words.
She hasn't even showed me any flake.
Oh, hell.
"Well, I doubt that, Reverend," I say, "the Tom Mason I know is nowhere near here.
" But what I was thinking is damned if Al didn't center shoot the bull's-eye.
It wasn't Sioux killed them squareheads.
But it was Persimmon Phil, Tom Mason and that croaker headed for his coffin.
Who's probably some fuck-up younger brother of Tom's named Ned.
Listen to me, go get Doc Cochran.
And I never tipped the thumper to none of it, Al.
Played it dumb as a pile of rocks.
Go get the doc.
Say I want him to see to the whores.
All right, Al.
'Scuse me, fella.
Mr.
Swearengen.
Yeah, that's right.
- Sol Star.
- Seth Bullock.
Rent on lot four.
Lot four? The hardware boys, hmm? Here, I wanna buy you fellas a drink.
How's business on that lot? Hell of a spot, isn't it? Any more foot traffic you'd have to call it a riot.
Now, I'm turning back slow.
Nothing in hand but this whiskey bottle.
I heard you're not a man I want mistaking my intentions.
Who says that? I'd like to ask 'em what they mean.
- A fella drew on Seth this morning.
- Never heard different.
No one mistook his intentions.
Let's leave it all alone.
I am stupidest when I try to be funny.
There you go, fellas.
And these are still free.
Sorry for hitting a nerve, huh? We'd like to make an offer on that lot we're renting.
Sell my back teeth for the right money.
Would 600 get the job done? I guess before I made a price I'd want to know if you boys - have unnamed partners? - Why? I think specifically Wild Bill Hickok.
Didn't you act together this morning? We just met Wild Bill.
What business of that is his? You mean what business of mine is that? Don't tell me what the fuck I mean.
Not a tone to get a deal done.
Can we sort it out another time? Thirsty people coming.
Sure.
You and me will find our proper stride.
- All right.
- Good luck on the day's trade.
Won't wish you luck.
I can tell you ain't the type that needs it, Sol Star, right? That's a Jewish name.
- Mine isn't, but nice to meet you, son.
- Pleasure.
Marked you for an earner the minute you come in my sight.
Jew bastard.
Ah, two wayfarers when I'd heard you were three.
How you doing, Al? Shall we all? Let's drink upstairs.
I can be persuaded.
Will you have a whore, Tom, or you still staying true to that heifer? It's over 'tween me and her.
Old Tommy went sweet on a buffalo down by Yankton.
Where's brother Neddy, anyway? Fuck if I know, that fucker.
I'll take her.
Pick another.
I don't like that son of a bitch.
Thank God you didn't let him see it.
Calls me loose with a gun.
Was he there? We'll just get the lot bought and have nothing to do with him.
Buy the lot and then we'll give him wide berth.
I've acted on your commission, Mr.
Bullock.
- Built a coffin and dug a grave.
- Thank you.
Will you join me, now for the burial service? All I was saying, Bill, is till you start your prospecting, if you're gonna gamble, let's get you protected a little.
I know what you were saying.
The extra business you bring a joint, interruptions you stand for or folks wanting to glad-hand, that all deserves compensation.
Don't shop me to those places, Charlie.
E.
B.
Farnum, gentlemen.
Mr.
Utter's room is ready.
Clean and thoroughly aired.
The previous guest was Irish.
No tip necessary, sir.
I operate the hotel.
I've replenished your supply of medicine.
Thank you, Doctor.
I'm very grateful for your attention.
I only wish my symptoms would subside.
If I were to tell you that I would see to your requirements, whether you had symptoms or not, do you suppose that would help you to heal? I don't know what you mean.
I believe you do, madam.
I believe we understand each other.
There are people in this camp in genuine need of my attention.
Make this adequate to your purposes for the next several days.
Well, thank you, Doctor.
Listen to Tom carrying on in there.
Bad luck he wasn't here yesterday.
Yeah, what'd we miss? Squarehead family I could've tipped you to - heading back to Minnesota.
- Well off? Worth still trying to catch, are they? Sioux already caught up with them.
Did them last night on the road to Spearfish.
Heathen cocksuckers.
So we missed a good score there, did we? Keep lying and I'll murder you in that chair.
I'm gonna tell you what happened, Al.
And this is the God's honest truth.
We come on that family by accident.
Nobody was trying to hold out your end or anything of the sort.
Or to conceal a goddamned thing.
That's your end, right there.
Weighed to the ounce.
My problem was we didn't clear this with you.
And you know how you get, Al.
I mean, you know that yourself.
But my problem was bringing up the subject.
But, uh that's all weighed out there.
You know why I get how I get? You wanna see over the job, you don't like loose ends.
- I appreciate that.
- Don't like messes, things done half-ass, bags of shit left to hold.
There's no loose ends, I'll guarantee you.
'Cause I got a whole operation here to consider.
Listen to Tom.
One of the squareheads lived.
- No.
- No? I'm saying that's pretty hard to believe.
I believe you, but we seen to 'em pretty good.
They brought it to camp.
It's at the sawbone's.
Is it talking? Can it speak English? When we was seeing to 'em, they was all screaming in squarehead.
Where's Ned Mason? That's a fucking story right there, Al.
If you knew the fucking problem.
When it comes the squarehead's time, he spooks and runs off.
Tom's and my hands as full as they was, doing what we had to do, so God knows where he got off to.
That's your cut there.
That reflects he's out.
- There's no cut there- - He came here.
No.
Say no again, I'll murder you where you sit.
He swore he'd head to Cheyenne.
Yeah, but here's closer, isn't it? All you cocksuckers go for the easiest chance.
So, where is he now? Where he is now is he stirs the whole camp up last night with his massacre story till I'm giving liquor away and cunt at half price just to keep my crowd controlled.
Party makes up from Nuttall's to ride back out to Spearfish.
Wild Bill Hickok and those two guys walked past you downstairs save the squarehead kid, tell Ned to stick around till they see what the kid has to say about him.
Wild Bill Hickok? And Ned throws down.
Against Wild Bill Hickok? Against Hickok and this other cocksucker who draws almost as fast.
So it's a tossup who blew Ned's head off.
Christ, Al I'm really sorry for the bother.
So you let Ned run, you leave a squarehead alive and me to clean up the mess and those are the only loose ends? I want you to have my share.
I swear to fucking Christ, Al.
I don't want your fucking share.
I don't want that kid telling people in English, or squarehead or drawing pictures in the shit with twigs about how it wasn't Indians that killed her people but whites! This camp could be up for grabs.
God knows what these cocksuckers are up to or what I'm gonna have to do about it.
Just when I need to keep my head clear you give me these bags of shit to hold! I should cut your fucking throat, Phil! Please don't cut my throat.
Let me help you straighten this out.
That snatch is branded! What happened? Tipped over.
I'm helping him up.
Put your iron away now, Tom.
Not yet! Branding at the flag! Doc? You'll get me in Dutch with Al! Just another damn moment! Don't put any pressure on it, just lay it on light.
It looks like I'm pressing, I'm not.
I'm not putting any goddamned pressure! That's very good.
That's very good.
Doc! I gotta go.
I expect care for them whore's business areas is a big damn part of your income.
This is what you want me to do? Ah, yes.
And don't let anyone in.
Believe me, anyone tries getting in here who's not you is gonna be damn fucking sorry.
All right.
I may not let you back.
Our Christ, as He was crucified addressed the thief who was hanging by His side.
"Verily I say unto thee, this day shalt thou be with Me in paradise.
" Your ways are not our ways, O Lord.
We abide the just and the unjust alike under Your tearless eye.
Tearless not because You do not see us, but because You see what we are so well.
Lamb of God, Who takest away the sin of the world, send Your angels to welcome this body into paradise.
Lamb of God, Who takest away the sin of the world, grant this soul eternal rest.
Amen.
That's a real generous perspective, Reverend.
And don't we need all the generosity we can get? They butt into other people's business and make the business of others their own, these bought-out no-good cocksuckers.
What, Hickok you're talking about? Fucking bigshot that he is.
Big fucking shot when he's standing in front of you.
One in his ear from behind, I'd like to see - how fucking tough he was.
- That's right.
Cocksucker.
Anyway, rest his soul.
That's all.
Condolences, Tom.
He's gone, Johnny.
I don't think you ever did meet him.
Ah, no.
Doc's here.
Fuck Hickok! And what he did to your poor brother, huh? This is festered because you won't take a flame to your needle.
I do, Doc, every time before I use it.
- Stop lying.
- Anyways, I'm quitting.
They say you're looking to a little one, Doc.
- How's that unguent working? - It's nice and cool on me, Doc.
I'm trying just a little bit more lanolin in it.
Hey, give me a dollop of that! How's that pussy lotion feel? Should I try some on my ass? Al.
Will she live? Let me look at your belly.
I didn't know you cared, Doc.
Will who live, Al? Norwegian kid.
How many children you caring for? I'm not optimistic.
I see.
Where are you in your moons? - 'Bout two weeks along.
- She speak English? What's she gotta say for herself anyway? She hasn't said a word or been conscious for a second.
Oh, too bad.
She could settle who killed her people, road agents or Sioux.
I don't know nothing about that.
Does that hurt? - Little bit.
- If she does see, that's the point.
She could settle it.
I doubt she'll settle anything.
I doubt we'll even know what language she spoke.
Give these girls a good going over, Doc.
Look to 'em like they're your own.
Don't tell me my job or how long to do it in.
I can see to them and I can see to the way I'm goddamned able, and that is all I can goddamned do! Oh, what's your time of the month, huh? Are you poorly, Doc? Don't worry about me, I know what I am.
What I'm not.
What do you want? Doc asked me to see your patient.
What for? What do you know about it? Who the fuck are you? Hey, don't you fucking ignore me! You don't want to interfere with me.
- Think I'm scared of you? - Sure you are.
If I take a knife to you, you'll be scared worse and a long time dying.
I ain't scared to die.
I ain't scared of nobody.
Get away from her! Le leave Leave that little one alone! - Leave her alone! - Hello.
Leave her! Leave Leave her alone, you cocksucker! Do it to me if you have to! Why would I do it to you? Did you hurt her? No.
No, Doc.
But she's better than you thought.
Her eyes are open.
I fell apart.
I couldn't look out for the little one.
Fucker looked at me and I fell apart in front of him.
All right.
You're not the first.
No, I'm not the first.
Who said I was the first? You think he's the fucking first? I've been fucked plenty! And tougher fucks than he was and littler than her by plenty! They fucked me plenty! So you can go fuck yourself! Go on, head out.
I'll look after her.
Was he a road agent? Was he among them that did for her family? He owns The Gem Saloon.
Then what's it to him if she can open her eyes? You go on ahead.
Does road agents work for him? I'll take care of her.
I'm sorry.
I apologize.
You got nothing to apologize for.
You gotta gift for this.
You cared for her real good.
- Don't be mean.
- No.
You got a gift.
Mr.
Garret? How was your day at the digs? It was a mixed experience, Mr.
Farnum.
My claim retains every bit of its promise, but I'm afraid I've injured my back.
All that twisting and turning.
It's wrenched at least and I feel worse.
I may not be cut out for this sort of activity.
Oh, many aren't.
Under the circumstances, perhaps I should reconsider.
What, sir? I refer to your offer on my gold claim.
My offer? Last night, Mr.
Farnum, before witnesses at The Gem Saloon you offered 16,000.
I see.
I'm prepared to reconsider.
I have a confession to make, Mr.
Garret.
I have a weakness for spirits.
You saying you were drunk last night? I must've been, sir.
I black out and no memory at all of my actions.
Please ignore any offers made while in my condition.
And yet you didn't seem drunk.
I suppose that's why I'm such a danger to myself.
Jesus Christ Almighty, Al.
Far as that sewer-mouth friend of Hickok's playing nurse, you can tip her over with a feather.
But a little girl? It's hard on my conscious.
We could let her spread word that folks got road agents to fear more than Indians.
Breed mistrust, one white for another throughout the camp.
That'd be another option.
Is he ready? Tom's ready, but he's awful drunk.
I don't trust him to pull it off.
Not a bank job.
He walks up to the cocksucker, puts one in his ear.
He keeps running that mouth like he is, Hickok ain't gonna let him get close enough.
Who in fuck is it? Them hardware guys is asking for you downstairs.
Tell 'em I'll be fucking down.
Pour coffee down Tom, 'cause he is going out tonight to murder that son of a bitch.
Where do you and me stand? We're all right.
What are you supposed to do? Nothing.
Don't ever say nothing to no one.
I don't know if you can understand me, but if you can, don't show it.
If you gotta talk, talk like that.
See if this makes sense to you, Seth.
I do the talking.
Fine with me.
Some people don't get along.
They have business to do, they find a way around it.
Don't talk to me like I'm five.
- Boys.
- Evening.
Sol's got my proxy.
Me and him, we should talk without you? That's what it means.
What's your partner so mad about all the time? - He's not mad.
- He's got a mean way of being happy.
Far as offering on your lot, we'd probably go 750.
You'd probably go Say we would.
Does 1,000 get it done? My concern, Sol.
- You don't mind if I call you Sol? - Please do.
My concern, anything can happen under a tent.
A hardware operation can turn into a gambling joint, - ain't that right? - That's not gonna happen.
Sell to you boys outright, I could be installing my own eventul competition in a prime location, with the A number one man killer in the West holding an unnamed piece of the action.
We met Hickok by coincidence.
He's not an unnamed partner.
So you say.
But a camp like this, no law or enforceable contract.
You gotta watch a man a while till you see what his word counts for.
Would you like some company? No.
Say we value the lot at 1,000, you boys give me 500 and whatever you should put that tent to between now and the first snow.
I'm in for half the net.
Come October, we finish the deal knowing each other better.
Seth won't accept it, Mr.
Swearengen.
I thought you had his proxy.
Just up to a point.
See, that ain't my sense of proxy.
That's what I'd want these few months for till we agreed what things meant.
I'm telling you, we're a hardware operation.
You heard my offer.
He didn't wanna drink and he didn't wanna fuck.
Anyone or just you? We pay 500 now.
He gets 50% of our net till the first snow.
- Then buy out the rest of his interest.
- No.
It's a great location.
He wants to be sure we don't turn to gambling or that Hickok's with us.
- I won't be partners.
- We wouldn't be after October.
I won't be partners.
Trixie.
See, you got Trixie all distressed.
- She wanted to give you a ride.
- 1,000, now! If anyone in that tent or the building we put up turns a playing card, or pours a drink, or offers a woman's services, you get title back and keep our money.
What makes you talk to me in that tone of voice? I'm making a counter-offer.
You come into camp, rent my lot, within six hours, you blow in a guy's eye with Wild Bill Hickok backing your play.
Next day I'm supposed to sell you the lot, put you in business without asking who you are or what you're doing here? Far as what happened in the street with Bill Hickok being involved, that was a turn of events.
A what? It was a turn of events.
Oh, a turn of events.
Your partner calls it a coincidence.
So what with this coincidence and turn of events staring me in the face and five other things I'm supposed to be paying attention to, I still make you a sensible proposal and you answer by insulting me in my own joint.
Seth didn't mean to insult you.
You don't know nothing about this.
You weren't here, you don't have his proxy.
So do whatever you people do when you're not running your mouths off or cheating people out of what they earn by Christian work.
- You don't wanna be talking that way.
- Don't tell me how to talk in my own fucking place! And here's my counter-offer to your counter-offer.
Go fuck yourself! Come here, Seth.
Seth.
Get him away from me.
Mister.
The best bath and blowjob you ever had's not 12 steps up them stairs.
Mister! I may as well confide in you, Alma.
Of course.
I'm beginning to feel we've been duped.
Our gold claim may be worthless.
I'm beginning to think that even Swearengen's name should be added to the conspirators' list.
- How disappointed you must be.
- I know.
I told you I'd believed I'd found a friend in Al.
As I now look back, Al not only presided the sale, he facilitated my involvement at every turn.
Well, I suppose a community such as this attracts a certain kind of man.
I've mentioned to you exchanging hellos with Wild Bill Hickok in the hotel hallway? Yes, you said he seemed very friendly.
Very friendly.
In the hallway and on the stairs.
Do you suppose we might enlist him to our cause? Do you think that that's the sort of thing he does? For a fee, a percentage of the monies recovered, I'd say that's exactly his line.
Hmm.
I may well include the name of Al Swearengen when Wild Bill and I confer.
This camp is a going concern.
We could secure our futures here.
- Hardware could just be a start.
- Camp needs a bank.
Camp also needs a bank is exactly right.
Seth.
If you see all these possibilities why get sidetracked by that saloon-keeper? We just wanna buy his lot.
What about what he called you? I been called worse by better.
Get it in writing from that son of a bitch.
We buy the other half in October.
Just leave it to me.
- Evening.
- Evening.
Bill and me didn't make it to your tent today.
Tomorrow's another day.
Prospect.
His express purpose coming to this camp.
Make a stake for his new wife.
His idea.
Don't suggest buying a shovel or a sifting cradle.
Huh-uh.
Ah, uh-oh.
Ah.
Anyways, have a good evening.
What's your secret, Bullock? What do you mean? You got some of Bill's qualities but then you got something he's missing.
Get along with people, turn a dollar, look out for yourself.
He don't know how to do that.
You see what I'm saying? I like to know your secret so's then I can tell it to Bill.
I don't know any secrets.
Don't tell me if you don't want.
Find occasion and tell him yourself.
He likes you.
Just don't wait too long.
- How you feel? - One more shot, and I'll be ready to take that cocksucker.
Maybe one more cup of coffee.
I'm out for a couple.
Go get you some more ammo Wild Bill.
That kinda looks down to turn.
- Your name's Jack? - Yeah, that's correct.
What are you in the game for, Jack? What am I in it for? If irritating me's the jackpot, you've got the job done.
Montana.
- Evening.
- Evening.
What'd be your opinion far as me getting another 50? You want another 50 in credit? If that's all right with you? Yeah, I suppose so.
- Play poker? - I'm no good at it.
You let that slow you down? Fella in the far corner to your right intends me harm.
When he makes his move, would you keep an eye on the man with him? You bet.
See the fella's I mean? Yes, I do.
Thanks, Montana.
Wouldn't want the water getting no deeper than this, Mr.
Hickok.
Fair enough.
Stand away from me, Sol.
Don't be too stupid, Jack.
I restored our bosoms! - They throw you out? - No, they did not! I left on my own stand.
I choose to be out here.
Well I was drinking down by the goddamned creek outta my own fucking free will.
Where's Bill? Inside, losing at cards.
I'd go get him but he'd accuse me of herding him like a damn steer.
Someone I need to go kill.
What, who? You are not my target, but keep bothering me and I'll add you to the list.
Who we talking about, damn it!? Greasy-haired limey cocksucker that runs The Gem Saloon.
What the hell you wanna kill him for? For showing me two different things between the coward and the lapse of momentary fear.
Listen, Jane! You listen to me! I don't know what you're talking about.
I guaran-fucking-tee you have at that man and you won't come out of that joint alive.
No! The sun ain't rose on the day I pay heed to what you say! Oh.
Oh, what is this? Oh, oh.
He scared me, Charlie.
I ain't been scared like that since I was a little girl.
Oh.
Oh, Jesus.
Jane, where you going? All right.
Now, down there is Doc Cochran's office.
If that limey cocksucker comes for that little girl, I got him triangulated.
If he comes from that way I got him, and if he comes from that way I got him.
Here I go.
No words, and no gun till you're on him.
Here I go.
Revenge for my fucking brother.
The man's gun never left his holster, Mr.
Hickok.
He meant me harm.
You killed my brother, you son of a bitch! And now I killed you.
He was going for his gun.
- I saw it.
- A revenge seeker.
I guess he did mean you harm.
You're half fucking blind, ain't you? Sometimes it's a fucking blessing.
What the fuck you looking at? Like he's a fucking Adonis.
You go on away from here for a little while, Doc.
- I won't.
- Go on.
You go see about the whores.
No.
You know I'll come through you if I have to.
Let me remind you of something, Dan.
If you kill me then you are up to your elbows in snatches, just like you were before I came to this damn camp.
Taking care of 'em.
Nursing 'em, day in, day out.
Taking heat from Al every time one of 'em's poorly.
Up to your elbows.
Between that and a slit throat that Al will give me if I leave that child alive, I think you know which one I'm gonna choose.
You just go ahead and do what you're gonna do 'cause I'm not moving.
Jesus Christ.
You're pitting me against Al.
So the fuck be it.
Well, I ain't going it alone.
You're coming with me to make the case.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
Have we been asleep at the switch? - What's wrong? - Why's he got his arm on the doc? You with that ugly fucker of your own free will? Yes.
Yes, I am.
I'd rather be lucky than smart.
Word for word what the hardware guy said.
- The hardware guy? - The hardware guy.
Didn't you just tell me the hardware guy was standing next to Hickok? The hardware guy said something like, "Hickok's right.
He was going for his gun.
- I saw him going for it.
" - Something like.
My tooth was paining me something awful, but I am certain that was the gist of it.
Get some dope from Johnny.
Thanks an awful lot, Mr.
Swearengen.
My tooth's about brought me to my knees.
Tell me one thing.
When that idiot made his move, did he tip it? Tom didn't say boo, Al.
Hickok must've just smelled him.
Al, you're not gonna believe what happened.
What? Lunatic that runs with Hickok just absconded with that child.
Must be under his protection.
Come here.
You're sure that girl doesn't know what you look like? Al, I'm confident that girl don't know what I look like.
But no, I can't guarantee that to a more certainty.
I know you got your whole operation here you gotta consider.
And you don't need to be worried or troubled about the well, as far as that girl recognizing me, no matter if it's the slimmest of the slim possibilities.
So what you want me to do? You want me to just stay outta camp until you deal with all this? Why don't I do that, Al? How 'bout you have Johnny check under the rock and I'll put messages under the rock.
And then I'm gonna check under the rock every day and see if you wanna send messages to me.
Err on the side of caution? That's, uh is that a plan? All right.
Hey Al, think I got time to put my brand on a little snatch before I go? No loose ends now.
Get up here! Bring the sled.
d Row, row, row your boat d d Gently down the stream d d Merrily, merrily d God damnit! d Row, row, row your boat d d Gently down the stream d - d Merrily, merrily d - d Row, row, row your boat d - d Life is but a dream d - d Gently down the stream d

--- S01E03 ---
He's down that hole for a fact.
Pitiful as you pursued it, you better hope he ain't got space enough to roll around holding his side, and bust a gut laughing tell all the other woodchucks at the club this afternoon.
He might not even call it an escape.
Might just call it his "morning's entertainment.
" Hey! Hey, Ellsworth! Hey, Dan Dority! Where's the Great Prospector? I guess Brom slept in this morning.
Suppose his enthusiasm's on the wane? That's always possible.
He shows up, you tell him I quit waitin'.
- Sure will.
- See ya at The Gem.
Always possible.
Go on! "The earth is the Lord's and the fullness thereof, the world, and they that dwell therein.
For He hath founded it upon the seas, and established it upon the floods.
Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? Or who shall stand in His holy place? He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart: Who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully.
He shall receive the blessing from the Lord, and justice from the God of his salvation.
Lift up your heads, O ye gates and be ye lifted up ye everlasting doors, and the King of Glory shall come in.
Who is the King of Glory, the Lord of Hosts? He is the King of Glory.
Selah.
" Let me see them titties! What's your name? What's your name? Pull that sign a little to the right.
No, no, no.
That way, that way.
"Everyone proud in heart is an abomination to the Lord.
Though hand join in hand, he shall not be unpunished.
By mercy and truth is inequity purged.
And by the fear of the Lord, do men depart from evil.
A man's ways please the Lord when he maketh even his enemies to be at peace with him.
" Amen.
Amen.
Thank you.
Thanks for your help.
May we edify my readers, Mr.
Bullock? I don't know what "edify" means.
Can we talk about last night's gunfight? No.
We can't talk about last night's gunfight either.
- What the fuck?! - All's I can speculate, Al, is whoever these Bella Union people are, they bought Artie Simpson's place on the quiet.
Pre-arranged turnin' it into a joint.
This no-good fucking Judas! - Hey, fucknut! - Just take it easy, Al.
How long you been hatching this? I made a practical goddamn business decision.
No chance for me to match their fucking offer? You couldn't have.
You'd have killed me before you'd matched.
But it's between you and them now.
Drive careful, cocksucker! Don't think I haven't taken precaution.
Don't think I don't know your mind! - I hate to press you on that lot.
- I ain't ready to settle yet.
- We're anxious to build.
- If you want an answer now, it's no.
Two.
Same for me, only better.
Yeah, three to the dealer.
The dealer draws trench mouth.
Opener bets.
Well damn, Wild Bill.
Even a stopped clock's gotta be right sometime.
Common law just says you gonna win one sooner or later.
But I'm gonna keep pushin' my luck.
What do you got there? $8.
Are you ready to stand any more credit to Wild Bill, Tom? I didn't hear him ask for any.
You want me to just bet eight, Bill? Cover my call.
Aw, Bill, I can't let you put your gun up.
That Colt's worth more than my raise by a good 40 bucks.
- Are you takin' the bet? - I tell you what, I'll add 40 bucks to my raise, to make the bet fair.
And then 50 more, if you'll put up a set.
Pot's right.
Would a nine-high straight do the trick? Pot to the club flush.
Well, that's one in a row for you, Wild Bill.
Who's hungry? What in the hell damn time is it anyway? Sure you wanna quit playing, Jack? The game's always between you and getting called a cunt.
Meeting adjourned, fellas, take it outside.
That dropped eye of yours looks like the hood on a cunt to me, Jack.
When you talk, your mouth looks like a cunt moving.
I ain't gonna get in no gunfight with you, Hickok.
But you will run your cunt mouth at me and I will take it to play poker.
I'll tote up accounts, Mr.
Hickok.
We'll do whatever business we need to next you're in.
Anyone wants to, can find me at the Grand Central.
- She's warm, isn't she? - She ain't talk yet, neither.
That's beside the point, you shut up! She will get a fever, bein' wolf bit.
The reason we risked bringin' her into camp.
You don't need to fear the saloonkeeper.
- He's not a danger to her no more.
- He's not? Saloonkeeper worried that the little one said road agents killed her people who the road agents might say they worked for.
Meaning him? He took a different approach to the problem.
She would do better indoors.
I told Jane she could take my room with the little one, and I'd move back in with Bill.
I will not stay in no fuckin' hotel! They won't give me a room! You two keep your voices down.
What'd I say about noise? He snores the whole fuckin' night! Snoring's past a person's control.
I was a field nurse during the war, at Shiloh and Second Manassas.
That was a good deal of violence.
Is that when you got your calling? Yes, it was, sir.
Out of that crucible out of all that horror, to come to God's grace.
A man's heart deviseth his way, but the Lord directeth his steps.
He directeth all our steps, Mr.
Bullock.
All of us.
If you're preaching at me, Reverend, you need to put some more light on the text.
If I am preaching at you, sir, I do you a disservice.
Good morning, Mr.
Star.
Good morning, Reverend.
Did we get the lot? Can we start building? - The reverend's come to help.
- We're still hangin' fire.
- What's the damn holdup? - New gambling outfit come into town.
Time wasn't right to push him to a decision.
I got all the lumber cut.
- And I warned you that was premature.
- You said 98% after your last conversation with that son of a bitch.
God damn it! - Good day, sirs.
- Good day, Reverend.
I said they'd find a way to stop me.
If it's raising room rates, you have to go ahead and raise 'em.
Rates aren't the only factor.
There's a waiting list for occupancy.
You undertaker-looking son of a bitch.
This little girl's doctor ordered her to live indoors, and I'm assigned to change her dressings! A sad story, that's none of my affair, "madam," if I guess your sex correct.
What's the problem, innkeeper? Mr.
Hickok.
Little one took fever in that wagon last night, Bill.
And I thought Jane and her could stay in my room and I'd move back in with you.
I'm not in opposition, sir.
Just the opposite.
Who wouldn't want to accommodate a sick girl? But the Simpson Hotel's closed its doors.
If Mr.
Utter's vacating, shouldn't these people that have been trying me all morning get first call? Isn't that simple fairness? He don't give fuck all for fairness! He just don't want me in here.
How 'bout if he stays in his room and the lady moves in with me? That way no one's vacating nothing.
That would outflank the checkout issue.
But it might raise questions of decorum.
- With who? - No one of consequence, I suppose.
Let her in.
I'm going to get some breakfast.
There will be a rate adjustment! Good morning.
I've heard the stories, madam, I tell you that at flagfall.
You are here on sufferance.
Kiss my ass! Cocksuckers.
Where were they when Dan and me were chopping trees in this gulch? Hands all blistered, bucktooth fucking beavers rolling around in the creek, slapping their tails in the water like we was hired entertainment.
I'd have paid a nickel to see you chopping wood.
Yeah.
Don't think I wasn't blow for blow with Dan.
I can play that shit when I have to.
But I've been to Chicago too.
How do I look? Like Christ crucified.
Guess this ain't a hotel no more.
Come see us tonight when we open, we'll find you a place to lay down.
And someone to keep your feet warm.
I'm Al Swearengen.
I own the joint across the street.
- The Gem? - That's it.
Cy Tolliver, Al.
Ed Sawyer, Joanie Stubbs.
You people must've trained with the heathens.
Yeah, you know, you come up on us unbeknownst.
How long you been in camp, Al? This year, since March.
I was here last year too, but the fucking cavalry drove us out.
Put all the whites out, didn't they? Deep fucking thinkers in Washington put forward that policy.
This year though, so many soldiers deserting to prospect, gave up the ghost, let us all back in.
And of course, Custer sorted out the Sioux for us, so now we're all as safe as at our mothers' tits.
Did a job for our side, didn't he, Al? How about that long-haired fucking blowhard, huh? I'll tell you this, son, you can mark my words, Crazy Horse went into Little Bighorn, bought his people one good, long-term ass fucking.
You do not want to be a dirt-worshipping heathen from this fucking point forward.
- Pardon my French.
- Oh, I speak French.
Well, here we are, settling the world's problems.
And I've been wondering, Cy, um, perhaps we should talk about our areas of overlap so we're not at each other's throats.
- Give me a for instance, Al.
- Uh, women.
Would we want to agree on rates? Well, far as pussy, Al, we'll want to let the market sort itself out.
Sounds to me like I'm up against specialty acts.
How about table games? Any overlap there? We'll be featuring craps, Al.
I played that in Chicago.
I don't offer it myself, gets these hoople-heads confused, hmm? That's one area of overlap avoided.
- What about faro? - We'll have it.
That decision hard and fast? I don't see overlap being a problem, Al, even where we duplicate.
We're offering different atmospheres.
You're a pioneering type, a trailblazer type.
You're gonna draw a trailblazing element.
Meaning I get the ones that don't wash? Must cut through the stink when they walk in with those sacks full of gold.
Oh, the money spends, definitely.
Anyways, thanks for the neighborly visit.
Yeah, good to meet you.
Very good luck to you.
You're opening at 8:00, huh? That's what we're aiming at.
Good for you.
Wouldn't set a fire right away.
Come to case us, though.
He would set a fire.
The way you tell it, mister, the man didn't sell you that claim holding a gun to your head.
Frankly, Mr.
Hickok, being a novice in these matters, I was duped.
And now the seller's disappeared.
You checked into his room.
It sound like you're up shit's creek.
The seller had accomplices, gentlemen.
Men of what passes for position in this place.
I would pay a handsome bounty, if they were brought to make restitutions.
Sorry you lost your money, mister.
But I ain't for hire to rob it back.
I make no terms as to method.
You don't figure a good talking-to would do the trick? I'm not leaving camp without my money.
Mister, that fella you said had my room before me? A man named Tim Driscoll, yes, pure charlatan.
Fresh stain on the floor when I moved in.
He may have checked out short a useful amount of blood.
It wouldn't surprise me in the least.
That would make these accomplices you're talking about dangerous people to deal with.
Yes, I quite take your point no honor among thieves.
Well thanks for your time.
I'll pursue my remedies in some other fashion.
I don't think he took your point quite.
I think he quite missed it.
I believe I'll pass out, Charlie.
I guess you were playing poker all night, huh? Yes, sir.
When we was coming into camp I saw that Montana fella you seem to like.
Bullock had my back again last night.
Well, he was seeing to the result this morning.
Man has an active conscience.
What would you think of us and him and his friend - having dinner tonight? - Why? People gotta eat, don't they, Bill? And maybe you'd enjoy sitting with someone who wasn't looking to beat you at cards.
Or blow your fucking head off.
True enough.
Mark me down for a yes.
I want to know who did their legwork.
You hit the nail square, Al.
Whoever went between them Bella Union people and Artie Simpson would be a prime source of information.
Do not repeat back to me what I just said in different fucking words! I wanna know who cut the cheese.
I'll tell you this for openers we are gonna set off an area on the balcony.
And God help whoever doesn't use it, because the next stink I have to smell in this office, and whoever doesn't admit to it is going out the window, into the muck, onto their fucking heads and we'll see how they like farting from that position, okay? "I hate to press you on the lot, Mr.
Swearengen.
" Wouldn't that be a setup? If they were all of the same fucking party? You think them hardware guys and Hickok might be the advance party for them saloon operators? You did the same fucking thing I told you not to.
Get them too, say I'm ready to conclude on their offer.
Stop at Wu's.
Tell him either he feeds his pigs Persimmon Phil tonight, or I serve them raw loin of Oriental.
I thought you forgot all about that, Al.
I thought it just sorta slipped through the cracks.
The faro dude at the new joint, dope-fiend.
Tall guy, skankly red beard.
You want me to get next to him, Mr.
Swearengen? Let me take a few dollars, I'll go play at his table.
Stop hustling.
I'll give you dope when you bring that cocksucker here.
He's as good as standing in front of you, Mr.
Swearengen.
No.
Stick around.
Help me measure where their loyalties lie.
These hardware guys? The burden falls on me, Alma.
That much is now clear.
Do you think there's any possibility that Mr.
Hickok might reconsider? None.
Nor was I sure that, if he'd agreed, the man before me at that breakfast table was equal to the task.
Promise me one thing then, Brom.
Don't ask me to amend my purpose.
That before seeing Mr.
Swearengen, you take your walk.
To clear my head and reflect? If only to perfect your arguments.
I see.
I accept the suggestion and a feeling for its author.
Thank you.
If I'm stooped when next you see me, Alma, it won't be worry weighing me down but bags of our recovered gold.
Take your walk, dear.
It's Hickok, Alma.
- Unconscious.
- I see.
I take this as proof my reservations were well founded.
Too considerate to disturb us? Wouldn't have truck with that room clerk ghoul to get let into Charlie's, I'd rather sleep in the fucking hallway, that's the kind of man he is.
Aw! I owe you another fucking penny.
I owe you another one.
I don't know if you ever should learn English, every mind foul.
Spare you knowing how ignorant people are.
But then I couldn't tell you about Bill sleeping in the hallway out of thought for others.
And I know some other fucking stories too Owe you another penny.
Look at that jackass.
Help you with anything? I tell you who's being done a favor at this exact moment.
Or would you care to take a guess? A favor in this tent.
I'd guess it's you doing one for yourself, considering the quality goods.
The favor here's being done for Wild Bill-fucking-Hickok.
What are you talking about? 'Cause if I'm out prospecting in the hills, then he ain't getting his just desserts at the poker table, or otherwise.
Don't ask me what I mean by the last part.
What do you mean? I said you'd do better not asking.
Get outta here.
I'll buy this one.
What's the price on that? You ain't buying nothing.
I know you.
- Where I know you from? - Can't help you with that, partner.
You follow him around.
Hey! That tent's shut to you.
Don't come back there.
Fuck you and any plans I might've had to buy something, or prospect.
I'd be lousy at retail.
I guarantee you that much.
Wouldn't have the patience for it.
I'm not sure how much future he's got.
Anyways, I want to tell you fellas, several days I'll be going back to Cheyenne to try and secure a mail route.
I operate a freight business outta there.
You need resupply, I'll be bringing several wagons back.
That's good to know.
And, uh, I was, uh, half wondering too if if you'd want to join Bill and me for dinner.
Tonight or some other time.
Let's do it tonight.
I feel like I should've brung posies.
Afternoon.
Can I help you find something? Mr.
Swearengen wants to see ya.
I only hope you understand me being short with you - out in the street this morning.
- You had a lot on your mind.
I had a lot of what's left of my fucking mind, these new interests coming in.
I'd only hope you understand, and see my thinking in not selling you that lot outright.
What's your thinking today? Gets dead set at the fucking point, which I like in most situations.
Do you know these new saloon interests? - Are you acquainted with them at all? - Nope.
Not them and not Bill Hickok.
And all we want to do is run a hardware business.
I have got to be satisfied.
See, I'm the simple-type cocksucker that when he sees lightning, readies for thunder.
And takes the thunder if it comes from the same storm.
Why wouldn't ya, Mr.
Swearengen? Thank you for saying that, even if you don't fucking mean it.
What would make you comfortable selling to us? Plus right of first refusal on any further sale.
Accepted.
And right to buy back at the original price, - plus the cost of your improvements.
- Accepted.
No gambling on the fucking premises.
No association of any kind with these Bella Union cocksuckers.
- Accept - We can't sell 'em our goods? No.
What do you think of that? Accepted.
What do you think? Accepted.
Or, they could buy your wares in your normal course of your normal fucking business.
I'd guess it's okay to transact with these cocksuckers.
- We can sell them our wares? - Your normal wares.
No gambling, whoring or whiskey on the fucking premises is the chief fucking point.
Agreed.
I spit in my hand.
Will that drive you screaming into the hills? The thousand would be nice.
A happy outcome.
a shooting exhibition.
That idea for Mr.
Hickok has been had and acted upon by a few people before you.
And, then afterward, we cut the bullets out and the fucking playing cards he was using as targets.
That's the point I was trying to get to.
How about the tree bark behind the fucking playing card targets, huh? Hell, yeah, we'll sell the fucking bark.
- What do you say, fellas? - We got our lot.
Hooray for you boys.
Two days for me to get the word out.
for the souvenirs.
Ain't taking you up on that, mister.
- Another 20 for you on the quiet.
- No.
And the talk between us is over.
Soap! Soap with a prize inside.
Soap! Got that man to sell, huh? Never had to strain so to spend $1,000.
Will you let us outta dinner? You'd as soon not do it, huh? We'd like to get to building.
Will we see you tomorrow for breakfast? Sure.
Maybe we'll catch Bill coming back from cards.
Well, congratulations to both of you.
Thanks, Mr.
Utter.
- Thank you.
- Good luck to you.
Looks like we're in business.
Huh? My goodness.
My heavens.
My goodness gracious.
Heavens to Betsy.
What do you think, Hiram, ever seen a craps layout? - My first.
- Shall I show you how it works? I might could follow.
I do read and cipher.
Well, you're well in advance of the pack.
Tell me what this says.
C-o-m-e.
It says "Come.
" You really can read, can't ya? I wasn't raised to lie.
I'm liable to be killed, Eddie.
He's on my scent and closing.
Curious tactics, your coming here then, E.
B.
To remind you secrecy is of the essence.
Al Swearengen's a dangerous man.
Let him doubt those he's trusted, this camp will run red with blood.
Argues for raising your room rates, at least make the game worth the candle.
I wonder how cavalier your attitude will be with a pig gnawing through your vitals.
Bet on me screaming for mercy.
I turned down your offer to buy and pointed you to Artie Simpson.
The whole damn extent of my involvement.
And I'm staring straight at extinction.
He may get you anyway, E.
B.
, but if your nerve goes, he'll get you sure.
Now, dope is not my own preferred form of relaxation, but I did try the shit and believe me I nearly converted.
Jimmy said you'd do right by me, Mr.
Swearengen.
Everything that goes on at that place.
I'll give you a daily report.
Yeah.
He's the type I'd wanna know about.
Just left your joint.
Judas goat-looking fella.
Hey, you see him? Coyote-moving type? - You see him? - The short guy? Yeah, with his paws always damp like a just shit fucking turd.
That's the type I wanna know about.
Comings, goings, any dealings with your bosses.
I'll keep a special eye on him.
- Al? - Yeah.
That cherry New York dude - is downstairs asking for ya.
- No good.
Charlie him the fuck out.
He keeps talking about the Pinkertons.
Dan Dority, thought you were dead.
Yes, I didn't go to the claim this morning.
You should've told him.
I've had him here the last several hours in tears.
Dan, look! - He's alive.
- Thank God.
Yes, I chose not to go to the claim.
Whiskey, Brom? Snatch? Frankly, Al, I'm here to speak with you.
And I'm not to be distracted.
Then proceed, my son, speak frankly.
We needn't reach the question of whether my claim has "pinched out," as the saying goes, or whether it was a sham proposition to begin with.
Let's just say, I've lost faith in the property.
- Have you? - And I want my $20,000 back.
In the heat you've confused me with Tim Driscoll.
I think we're both aware, Al, that Driscoll's no longer in camp.
And because I believe you colluded with Tim Driscoll and perhaps were in cahoots with other parties as well, I require satisfaction from you.
It's the heat again, Brom.
I don't collude and I don't cahoot.
Al, are you familiar with the Pinkerton Agency? - Why? - Pursuing its business interests, my family's had several occasions to engage the Pinkertons.
We maintain friendly relations.
I'd prefer we two settle this as gentlemen, but if need be, the Pinkertons can be made a party to our dispute.
Has he asked you to reconnoiter the rims with him at all? Never.
Did he ask to and you refused? Didn't get around to it, Al.
I thought he was in for the long haul.
What are you talking about specifically? The gold you found washed down from somewhere, that's the law of gravity.
And your claim runs rim to rim the width of the fucking gulch, so the original deposit the gold you found washed down from is likely on your claim above, near one of the rims.
That's what you feel I should reconnoiter? First place the Pinkertons would look.
Unless I'm fucking wrong.
No, that's how they operate.
So if he asks you, would you reconnoiter the rims with him? Al, I waited out there all morning for him - Is that a yes or a no? - Yeah.
I'd be happy to reconnoiter the rims with him.
And if Dan's and mine good faith reconnoitering don't show the source of the gold, do you then make restitution, Al? Or do I have recourse to the agency? If at that point you ask, yes, I'll make restitution, all rights and wrongs aside, 'cause you've got me by the fucking balls.
Let me go home and change.
Uh, do I need climbing gear? You might want to bring a pickaxe.
Goodbye, then.
Make it look like an accident.
Ain't this a pretty picture? I can't wake people I don't know about.
Passed out in the public hallway.
He never knocked on the damn door.
By the time I looked out he was snoring.
Did you want me to drag him in by the damn heels? I say leave him where he is and go about your own business.
He's up.
I hope you're happy.
Congratulations, cocksucker.
Dinner's been canceled, Bill.
All right.
Them two fellas got their lot bought and they're started right ahead with the building.
Sure.
I was that shocked seeing you sleeping out here, Bill.
First saw you maybe an hour ago.
Didn't want to disturb me and the child, Charlie.
He must've sought entry to your room, wherever the fuck you were at.
I'd like to know where that goddamned innkeep was! He could've let Bill in.
You're not gonna let me sleep, are ya? I'd would have let you sleep as long as you wanted.
- How's that little one? - Good.
She's napping.
More than I can say for you.
Are those hardware boys looking for extra hands? In a roundabout way.
I don't agree with this plan.
Reconnoitering the rims is exactly the sort of due diligence that Father would ask if I'd done.
Nor do I see the need to involve your father.
It was my mention of the Pinkertons which brought Al Swearengen around and the Pinkertons can't come into this unless Father does as well.
I wouldn't even know where to look for them.
Ought we possibly to take a different view of this? Consider we've had an adventure costing us $20,000 and let matters rest there.
Let them rest? Yes.
If you still want to see more of the West, let's go now and see it.
Or else return to New York.
I don't think we should linger here.
I have no abiding affection for this camp.
But I won't leave without my money.
Why do you take that medicine? You know why, to relieve my headaches.
The other day I had a whopper of a headache and I sampled a bit.
I would hardly call the dull, numb, floating feeling I experienced "relief.
" Perhaps the sexes experience the medicine differently? In any case, I, um hope you feel better.
Thank you.
E.
B.
Thanks for coming.
Whistle and I'm underfoot.
Loyal as a damn dog.
I tell you what, Al, you got a helluva nice turnout downstairs.
Hell of a nice Monday crowd.
Jesus Christ Almighty! - Go ahead in, E.
B.
- I'm not in dutch, am I, Al? Go ahead in.
Mr.
Hickok? I'm Nathan Gordon.
I come up from Murfreesborough and - How are you, Nathan? - Fine.
See, I'll tell you this much, Mr.
Hickok, and I'd say the same to the angels in heaven.
As a stage performer, you cannot act a single damn lick.
I'd call that a fair judgment.
I saw you on a stage in Hartford, Connecticut.
And I'd have bet U.
S.
Currency that you'd been strangled and killed, and you just didn't know you was dead yet.
Was you born patient, Montana, or did you cultivate it? I guess I'm patient for labor.
Now why tell him that type story? Why I saw him perform with Buffalo Bill Cody and Texas Jack Omohundro on a stage in Hartford, Connecticut.
Who gives a fuck? You think he was put on earth to hear you run him down? I'm all right, friend.
No, why don't you get outta my sight before I do something I'll fucking regret? I'll tell whatever kinda story I feel like telling.
That's right, tell it walking.
Anyways, me and Sol are sure grateful you and Mr.
Utter are taking the time to help.
Go ahead about your work, Mr.
Hickok.
He won't bother you no more.
Charlie encourages me being in your company.
He feels you're a positive influence.
No reason you'd remember me but I saw you marshal at Abilene.
Saw you blow one cocksucker's head right the fuck off his neck.
I also saw you dead center three bullets on an ace of spade playing card at 25 goddamned paces.
Some other loudmouth like this loudmouth I just sorted out, said you'd doctored that playing card before you ever tacked it to that tree.
- And did you sort him out too? - Goddamned right.
Well, thanks for all that help.
Now it's time you moved along.
I sorted him out proper.
Gouged out the both of his fucking eyes.
- All right, friend! - Move, I'm tired of listening to you.
You're tired of listening? - That's what he said.
- Oh.
I guess everybody's talking to me now.
Get the fuck outta here! All right, I hear you, Wild Bill.
You don't need to insult me twice.
I'll tell you what, I hope you get what's coming to you and I hope it's sooner rather than later.
I hope they sort you out! And I get to see it! I hope you're gut shot and die slow! And I hope they get you in this camp! Hand me hand me some of them pegs, would you? Hey, want some pegs, Bill? I'm gonna desert you.
Play some poker.
Drink some whiskey.
Thanks for your help.
See ya later, Charlie.
All right, Bill.
Ready, lift.
Oh, there we go.
For having nothing to do with him, these hardware cocksuckers sure seem to be joined to Hickok at the hip.
You made your judgment on that situation.
And I believe you judged correct.
No connection between them and him? Or between any of them, and these new saloon people? You saw it like that and I did too.
To the best of the both of our thinking.
- Which was important to me.
- Which was? - What? - When you said "which was," I didn't follow what you were asking.
I wasn't asking nothing.
I was saying.
I didn't have full information so your impression on this was important.
Someone I could trust.
What's wrong? What's the matter? - My palms are damp.
- They're always damp.
- Yes, sir.
- So is something wrong? No, no.
Well, the Great Prospector's found his second wind.
You tell me, Al.
Have you a doubt or misgiving? You tell me.
Generally, if I have a misgiving or a doubt, I kill the cocksucker I have a doubt and misgiving about.
But these are special circumstances.
I don't know what you mean by "special circumstances.
" If I want to, I can burn the whole fucking camp down.
- Yes, you can.
- Cut your throat first, and then burn down the whole fucking camp.
- You can - I don't know what the fuck you mean.
I mean, short of burning it all down, you gotta trust someone.
- What were you doing over there? - Where? - Where? - At the Bella Union? Get an impression, scouting.
Listen to me, listen to me.
I was the go-between, it was me.
But without malicious intention.
Well I confess to being winded.
Oh no, Dan.
No.
No.
Mother.
Simple greed.
One less hotel in camp, shorten up the room supply.
No conspiracy, no betrayal.
If you're gonna murder me, I'd appreciate a quick dying.
And not getting ate by the pigs in case there is resurrection of the flesh.
Stay friendly with them cocksuckers.
With them Bella Union people? Can't help yourself, can you? You fell, but you'll be all right.
I'm gonna take care of you.
Hold on a second.
No hollering.
I'll take care of you.
Now, hush.
Tina and Molly can be quiet if you want him kept company.
That man's already doing all he wants to.
If I send him anyone, it'd be you.
Are you loaded, Leon? Well on the path, Mr.
Tolliver.
That man at The Gem has got some serious shit.
I know when you make your first report on us to him, you'll remember to say thanks.
I hope you're not too fucked up to deal the deuce for us, Leon.
Opium ain't been made yet, Mr.
Sawyer, that can fuck me up that bad.
I'll tug his reins.
- I hope our hero wins.
- Count on it.
If Bill comes, I'm gonna move you to that nice pallet over there, only 'cause he's far too big for it and so too would I be.
So if you wake up on the pallet, that's what happened.
And him and me being where we are is the circumstances of the room, period.
And the grownups are just sleeping.
But don't be afraid to to to wake me up.
All right.
Sweetheart, go to sleep.
I'm right here.
Not too fucking deep, huh? I won't.
Trust.
Hell of a way to operate, huh? Learning at all the ins and outs of getting killed.
Not too fucking deep.
Every fucking beating I'm grateful for.
Every fucking one of them.
Get all the trust beat outta you.
Then you know what the fucking world is.
Al, open up, it's me, it's Dan! You're gonna wanna hear this, open up! Come in, sit down.
- Well, it's a mixed report.
- You just tell me, is it done? Oh, it's done.
Yeah, he's gone.
So what's the mixture? He went owning one hell of a fucking gold strike.
Where's the dude now? Splattered at the bottom of the ridge.
Ride back out.
Bring him back in at dawn.
All right.
Trixie! You want the other foot? Yeah.
Please.
d Kick off your high heels d d Careful where you stand d d Kick off your high heels d d Careful where you stand d d Don't you move too close, I'm a twisted little man d d Heaven help me, I know what I am d d Don't you move too close, I'm a twisted little man.
d

--- S01E04 ---
I raise 100.
Back 100.
That man's overplaying his hand.
All right.
Whatever the fuck I got left.
As advertised, you got more nerve than sense, huh, Bill? What have you got? The man stays on fours.
And they call this a game of skill? Well, you got me, didn't you, Bill? You son of a bitch! You were told about that talk.
Go eat, Jack.
All right.
I thank you for that kindness.
You just bought yourself something with that.
Some boys can't go near a cliff without jumping off.
Much appreciated.
Any ideas for the rest? I believe I'll stay with cash.
Montana.
No rest for the wicked.
Well, what are you doing up? Well, it's cooler working now.
Quieter.
Sorry you had to listen to them drunken fools before, Mr.
Hickok.
When you and Mr.
Utter was helping us? I come through unharmed.
And Bill would be easier on my nerves.
Mr.
Hickok makes me look for the warrant in your hand.
All right.
Montana okay with you? The only other nickname I ever had was "Sloth.
" Don't seem to fit.
Choice was among the seven sins.
I guess I got out before the others surfaced.
Camp looks like a good bet.
My wife and boy are with their people in Michigan.
I hope I can bring 'em out soon.
They'll get the Sioux making peace.
Pretty quick you'll have laws here and every other damn thing.
I'll just settle for property rights.
Will ya? I'm recently married myself.
Is that so? The missus operates a circus.
She's in Cincinnati waiting for word of my success.
Sol and I put our last sifting cradle aside for you.
Why don't you go ahead and use it, Bill? What slows me down is thinking about freezing my balls off in a creek.
Or the cocksuckers I'd would lose the gold to at poker.
I'm flat out tired.
Turn in.
I got her covered.
I believe I will.
Good night, Montana.
Good night, Bill.
My pop called me "Kite.
" I was supposed to leave for Cheyenne two damn hours ago! What kept you, Charlie? You don't fuckin' sleep! I don't know what in the fuck is happening to you, Bill.
So you stayed in camp to tuck me in? If you don't want to prospect, I could put you in charge of that mail route I'm gettin'.
I'm doing what I wanna do.
Bullshit! Some goddamned time, a man's due to stop arguing with hisself, feeling he's twice the goddamned fool he knows he is because he can't be something he tries to be every goddamned day without once getting to dinnertime and not fucking it up.
I don't wanna fight it no more.
Understand me, Charlie? And I don't want you pissing in my ear about it.
Can you let me go to hell the way I want to? Yeah.
I can do that.
Good luck in Cheyenne.
Good luck to you, too, Bill.
You know me, Al.
I don't scrutinize or second guess.
If you wanted to explain why I'm to buy the dude out of a worthless claim, - I'd surely listen.
- Jesus Christ.
What is it? The dude must've had some kind of accident.
My word.
- Looks dead, don't he? - Yes.
See, my reasoning was, get the dude his money back, keep him from asking in the Pinkertons.
Well, appears now that's unnecessary.
Make the offer to the wife.
Al, once that dope fiend throws her skirts over her head and hightails back to New York, you think she'll give one wet fart about what happened at this camp, let alone send the Pinkertons out? And 20,000's a lot of money.
Let me tell you, several things, E.
B.
First, $20,000 is a lot of money.
Second, it's my fucking money.
Third, the widow, being a dope fiend, might let matters rest.
But fourth, well, this camp has a lot more to offer me than $20,000 as long as I don't get killed by the fucking Pinkertons.
Why take the chance? Go see to the grieving fucking widow.
All right, sir.
Mrs.
Garret? What a tragic turn.
Do you require Dr.
Cochran? To treat your terrible grief? Yes.
I would like to see the doctor.
Of course, who wouldn't? I'll get him right away.
Ask him, before he sees me please, to examine my husband's injuries.
I'd like his opinion on how they were sustained.
I assume your husband died in a fall.
All I asked you to do was get the goddamned doctor.
Of course, madam.
Is that what happened, Mr.
Dority? A tragic turn? Terrible, accidental fall? I'm sorry, ma'am.
Oh yes.
Come on, stupid.
She wouldn't have nothing to do with me, Al.
She told E.
B.
To have Doc go over the body.
You think he smells the gold? Nah.
E.
B.
's too busy sniffin' what he can steal being go-between.
Whereas you, Dan, you show me foresight, and loyalty, the way you handled making the find.
Just know when I'm outta my depth.
Amateur.
Comes on a lark to dabble, and falls to his death from the ridge.
Yet the widow suspects foul play.
I know Al wants her leaving here with as least of a sour taste in her mouth as possible.
Wouldn't you expect her husband's death to be sour on her tongue no matter how it happened? Question's whether it's fate she blames, or people in the camp.
What are you looking for? Morning, Seth.
When did you get up? I didn't go to sleep.
The woman that newspaperman pointed out to us yesterday just lost her husband.
Fella bought the gold claim at Swearengen's? Innkeep just took the body down to the doc's.
You weren't twiddlin' your thumbs overnight, were you? I've brought the doctor.
Please, come in, Doctor.
I'm very sorry about your husband.
Was he murdered? I was told that he fell from a ridge.
He had skull fractures consistent with that.
Not been wounded by bullets nor strangled.
No other sign of foul play.
Leaving how he came to fall? As to that I have no opinion.
And yet in treating me, you were so full of opinion.
You took the most comprehensive view.
I said you needn't make up symptoms to get the laudanum you want Perhaps, you don't feel at such perfect liberty to opine on my husband's case as you did on mine.
Do other considerations constrain you? Do other men? I do not know how your husband's skull got caved in.
You're a bright woman, aren't you? Must've gone through hell here.
Go on home, Mrs.
Garret.
What's her mood? Who is it? Mr.
Farnum, Mrs.
Garret.
May I be of further service? Once I've determined my plans.
I'll certainly need a coffin.
- I'll see to it.
- Thank you.
What is it? Would you open the door, ma'am? I would like to say something to your face.
I'm overcome with remorse, Mrs.
Garret, that I failed to change the course of events.
It was me your husband outbid for the claim.
If it will simplify your situation in any way, I renew my offer at $12,000.
I know it won't bring him back.
No.
We both know that.
You'll have your answer shortly.
All right, madam.
Is this Mr.
Hickok's room? Who's asking? My husband's just died under suspicious circumstances.
Suspect someone else.
When Bill's killed a man, he says so and states his reasons.
I don't suspect him.
My husband had tried to engage Mr.
Hickok, just before his death and I thought, though they hadn't come to terms, perhaps Mr.
Hickok would be willing to advise me on my current situation.
I'd pay whatever fee he thought appropriate.
To talk to you? I have no one else in the camp.
I'll get him.
He's sleepin' one off.
Thank you.
I'm sorry about your husband.
May I ask your name? - Jane.
- Thank you, Jane.
Wait in your room.
It'll take him a while to get the phlegm situated.
All right.
I'm sure you don't need me explaining a place like ours.
A doc in frequent attendance can sow the seeds of doubt.
All depends on your standards of hygiene.
We want 'em shiny.
Make no mistake.
There's a wide range of "normal.
" Friday and Saturday mornings and the mid-week day of your choice will be right for us.
I can I can work that out.
So what does Swearengen pay for a visit? $20 for routine call, all girls in.
Ah.
And what's his idea of routine, once every three or four months? Anyway, how's uh $50 a visit sound, three times a week? Done.
Lubricants.
Well, armed and ready, madam.
Thanks very much.
Howdy.
Howdy yourself.
You the operator? Cy Tolliver.
Name's Crane.
And I'd like a room, I'd like exclusive use of the safe and I'd like to shoot some dice.
I'd like to think this is the first day of a long friendship, Mr.
Crane.
We'll get you a room.
If you'll step into my office we'll meet your needs for a safe.
Help you with your luggage.
Suitcases go to the room.
Expect you'll keep the valise.
Keep what you "expect" to yourself and you'll improve our chances at that friendship.
- Young man.
- How are you, Cy? Done some good work on this place.
Eddie's work.
Hey, Andy.
Hello, sweetheart.
So let's go, let's get something working.
We could rob Cy.
How 'bout a bath first and a nap - and sex with an unfamiliar woman? - Sure.
Signal when ready, commander.
If I didn't make my point, I'd like to get something fucking working.
Sure, Andy.
How's Andy look? Like he spent three weeks on a wagon.
I'm optimistic, Al.
And she's promised a prompt reply.
I'd have thought she'd say yes on the spot.
You did offer her the whole 20? How can you even ask me that? - E.
B? - I offered 12.
Did I ask you to play her? Can't you follow one simple fucking instruction? She will take the 12, Al, and be happy to get it.
And all you'll have to decide is how much of the eight you saved should go to me.
- You're incorrigible.
- I do my best.
I'll go with the 12.
She says yes, there should be something in this for you.
Hint at the amount.
Don't get ahead of yourself, E.
B.
When she signs the bill of sale, and you come back here and sign it over to me It is your 12 after all.
Once all that's done, you should walk outta here with 2,000.
Fair recompense.
For saving me money in spite of myself.
I suggested to my husband just last night that we should try to view our time here as one experience bought at a single price.
Even now he's murdered, I feel that.
That to stake the boundaries at at just that fact is impossible.
For one, this camp hasn't any laws or courts.
If it did, I've no evidence.
I'd have tried to take the thing all whole if they hadn't offered on the claim.
To receive their money, would be a separate matter, make me an accomplice of another sort.
How have you been an accomplice till now? A wife inevitably feels she's had some part in what befalls her husband.
I'm answerable hereafter, on different terms.
I need to know what I'd be selling them.
You don't believe the money's to keep the Pinkertons away? Why pay me? If it were a ransom to keep the Pinkertons off, why not pay Brom instead of killing him? It's this saloon operator you think is pulling the strings? Al Swearengen, it was certainly he manipulating Brom.
The slimy limey cocksucker.
All right, ma'am.
True sounding's not guaranteed but I'll try for a feel of the bottom.
What shall I pay you, Mr.
Hickok? I prefer you pick the figure.
- Is $100 enough? - Perfect.
Whiskey.
And how'd they take to the craps game? Like chimps at their first fire.
Downstairs.
Thank you, Dan.
I'm Al Swearengen, Mr.
Hickok.
In the last few days, I've been locked in my room weeping, searching my memories as to where my path might have crossed yours previous.
And as to how I might have given offense that you stay in this camp not 50 feet from my joint and never once walk in.
No poker.
Is it that simple? Dan, dismantle the titty corner and set up a poker table.
Not necessary, Mr.
Swearengen.
I always felt poker slows a joint's action.
Bit of liquor, pussy, and faro made my entire fuckin' career, but certain people I do respect.
This man Garret, who fell off the rocks The Eastern dude.
His widow's had an offer on his claim from that innkeeper sitting in the corner.
But she's reluctant to sell till she understands what's behind it.
Why have you asked me? She believes you'd know.
Her husband came here with childish ideas.
Bought himself a gold claim with me an honest broker.
Claim pinches out, which will happen.
But he can't take that like a man, has to blame somebody.
Seller's left camp so he picks on me.
Says he'll bring in the Pinkertons if I don't offer restitution.
I got a healthy operation here, and I didn't build it brooding on the right and wrong of things.
I do not need the Pinkertons descending like locusts.
So I bend over for the tenderfoot cocksucker.
"Reconnoiter your claim fully," I say, "and then, if you're still unhappy, I will give you your fucking money back.
" And the tenderfoot agrees.
Just as he's finishing his reconnoiter, cocksucker falls to his death.
Pure fucking accident.
But up jumps the widow in righteous indignation.
Wants the doctor to examine him for murder wounds.
My visions of locusts return.
I see Pinkertons coming in swarms.
Commissioned by the widow.
Who I recognize is grieving, and has better intentions probably than to hold on the truth.
How's the innkeep come to make the offer? Underbidder on the sale I brokered still believes in the claim.
Even though the gold is pinched out? Well, this camp's expanding.
We've already had one hotel close.
He sees the property as real estate.
I'll take this back to the widow.
I only hope you show it to her in a favorable fucking light.
What's that worth? What? The light I show it in? What's it worth to you? Why, Wild Bill.
They certainly don't appear to be at odds.
What happened to this little one was the same exact cocksucker.
Same as he was pulling the strings in your husband's fleecing and gettin' him killed, this Swearengen operated the road agents that done for this little one's people.
Oh, poor child.
To lose her family, to see them slaughtered.
Very same cocksucker.
It's Bill.
You stole off on me.
I had to come in here to look after the little one.
I thought she might want me present.
Yes, l I'm very grateful.
Didn't happen to put one right between the shithead's eyes, now did ya, Bill? Unless you need the money right away, I'd defer a decision until someone honest and competent did a second reconnoiter.
May I commission you? Some question my fitness on either count, but I'll guarantee you I'm not competent.
I do know someone I trust to ask.
Please do.
Name's Bullock.
I'll go talk to him now.
How'd you leave it with the cocksucker, Bill? On terms he'd understand.
Al, watchin' you even at a distance was a pleasure and privilege.
If she don't come back to you with an answer inside an hour, you pay a call on her.
But Hickok's an ally, am I right? I mean if that wasn't a damn ally leavin' my eyes completely deceived me.
- An hour, E.
B.
- Yes, sir.
Pour me a drink.
And ask me the key to a long life.
What is it? Most important human quality for a person to reach old age? I'll buy the drink if you tell me.
Same as a dog who keeps his nose.
Don't poke it where it don't belong.
Wise words.
A lesson hard to come by, but thoroughly learned.
Something else I know.
My knowing what I know and somebody else knowing it, is two entirely different things.
I'm near losing your trail, Ellsworth.
Say somebody thought I saw something I shouldn't have.
- Whereabouts? - On a ridge.
A man, pushed off or whatever the hell else.
If it meant my leaving camp to prove I could mind my own business, it'd be a friend who told me that instead of throwing me to the pigs.
It's my whole philosophy and outlook.
Make use of it as you will.
Well, well, if he if he was here sealing an appearance arrangement, then I'm glad it was you that tied him up, Al, not that new fucking operation, what with them fancy signs and cleaned-up women where I heard he was gambling all night.
We made no appearance agreement.
Well, uh - you and you and Hickok - No.
Oh, I see.
Well, I mean, because his game at my place yesterday was this far from coming to lead.
Him and this droop-eyed hoople-head.
And I had to shut it down.
I mean, if that gives him offense or umbrage, well, I can't worry about his plans as far as where he decides to gamble elsewhere, or this new joint overwhelms the camp.
We made no agreement.
What do you think of the new joint? Nice sign.
This far from fucking gunplay.
Jack fuckin' high! That's what I have.
I bet every fuckin' cent.
Miracle to me is you sit here bragging about it.
I ain't braggin', or a braggart, or a blowhard.
I state a fact, I live by a fact Anyways, it's over.
Yeah, you believe that because you're a walkin' fuckin' cunt! With your cunt your eye movin'.
No matter how your day's going, Jack, you're always fun to talk to.
Give me a buck then, Lou.
Send me off for a meal.
Give me a buck, see what part of you gets shot because l I possess a fuckin' gun that I didn't bet.
I'll pay you $5 for that gun, sight unseen.
'Cause what you need is a stake to make your comeback.
That'll get you out of this brown study you're in.
What'd you take off of me? The tag from your new suit.
All right then.
Name a price.
If it's close to fair, I'll pay it.
For the suit? For your gun.
No, I believe not.
I believe no.
He too is God's handiwork.
Oh, double fucking solitaire.
Where's your fucking ballgowns? Bring a bunch a chips over here and let's get a poker game going! I don't know this camp.
I'd have to bring someone from Montana.
Would the widow give it that much time? Yeah, she would.
She don't wanna be stupid or fooled.
Wants to stand up for her husband better than he stood up for himself.
Not that she ought to stick around.
Far as that goes, she could sign a proxy.
There's her $100 in it.
And what that saloonkeeper gave me if you'd wanna take it on.
All right.
I guess she's all right till that saloonkeep decides I can't be trusted to betray her interests.
Trust ain't his long suit.
She oughta be lookin' for a wagon.
Thanks for the favor, Montana.
Sure.
I like Ellsworth, too.
There's a difference between talking a lot, which Ellsworth does enjoy, and oversteppin'.
He don't get into other people's business.
Then what are we talkin' about, Dan? Well, my own standards as to who's reliable ain't the same as Al's.
So Ellsworth has to leave camp over the difference? Yeah, he does if it's that or kill him.
He said tell him if those was the choices.
Don't you do it.
Which? Either.
Asks a bribe for something he never intends to do.
Takes my 150 then tells her not to sell.
Why are you so sure he told her not to? You went back there, you knocked on her door.
She said Hickok reported his conversation with you.
But she wasn't prepared yet to give me an answer.
Does this make sense to you, huh? She pays Hickok to come talk to me.
He goes back, tells her to sell.
And then she says she needs more time to make up her mind.
That idiot couldn't put one in his ear.
If you're talking about Tom Mason, I'd say that's water under the bridge.
I'd say Hickok has to die if I have to kill him myself.
Jesus, Al.
With all that's going on? How would it sit with the widow, for one thing? How would that dispose her toward us? Let me pose you a question, E.
B.
, you fuckin' cunt! Someone comes at you, what are you supposed to do about it? And I pose you a question back, Al Swearengen! If a friend, or at least a professional colleague, has a mistaken impression of who's coming at him and who isn't, what are you supposed to do then, huh?! You don't think he's coming at me? I don't think Hickok's coming at ya, Al.
No, I don't.
I think you're a man with so many different responsibilities you sometimes get feeling beset.
And in that frame of mind, take things personal.
I'd sooner the cocksucker was dead.
Simplify working the widow.
We don't get to choose the world we live in.
Bella Union cocksuckers to worry about and every other damn thing.
Well, you got a full plate.
I need to fuck something.
Trixie! Hey, hey, hey! Get the bottle.
That's using your old noggin, Al.
Get yourself some relief.
Let the world do its own spinnin'.
Don't be pointing your fucking thumb for me.
Me and you done talked that subject out.
What's new, Dan? Nothing.
No news at all? If I had somethin' to tell you, one way or another, I'd tell it to you.
Well then I reckon I'll have another drink.
Who is it? It's Joanie.
Wait a second, honey.
Give me just a second.
I fell asleep.
I broke up three catfights, Andy.
Girls wanting to give you a bath.
I fell right the hell to sleep.
You ready to meet some strange? Tell you the truth, Joanie, I'm feelin' outta sorts.
Well, you had a long trip.
And I've heard worse confessions.
That's the gospel truth.
Which I hope you'll keep to yourself.
Yeah, sure I will, Andy.
I feel fucking unwell to myself.
Won't you lie back and let me get your boots off? I don't think you should touch me, honey.
That's the gospel on that score.
No girl in the world ever got sick pulling off a pair of boots, Andy.
But if you want, I won't take more liberties.
$50 an issue.
Well, uh, frankly, sir, that-that would purchase your advertisement an amount of space wildly incommensurate with the accompanying articles.
See? I never heard that word in my life.
That's his trade, Cy, he's a wordsmith.
Do you shoot craps, Mr.
Merrick? Excuse me? Oh, oh, oh no! Ah, no, I haven't shot the craps in sometime.
Perhaps never? If you'll keep my secret, sir.
No, I've never shot them.
Maybe that would make an article: A man learns to shoot the craps.
Well, we're agreed on $50 an issue.
Have we actually agreed? I feel almost duty-bound to remonstrate you, sir.
Three months in advance, Eddie.
$50 an issue.
Let's see the man with the cash.
Seriously? Don't let him take your money, Mr.
Merrick, while he's teaching you this game.
Who did you give to Andy? Nobody.
He's poorly.
Does he need a doctor? Maybe he does.
God damn it! I told you I didn't like the way he looked! Stand outside room eight, no one in or out.
Get the doc.
Tell him someone fell.
I told you.
Thank you for your help.
I'll look forward to Mr.
Bullock contacting me.
May I ask, ma'am, when you'd expect to leave the camp? I'm not certain.
Bullock is honorable.
You can trust him to see to your interests.
He couldn't come more highly recommended.
You know the sound of thunder, don't you? Of course.
Can you imagine that sound if I ask you to? I can, Mr.
Hickok.
Your husband and me had this talk.
And I told him to head home to avoid a dark result.
But I didn't say it in thunder.
Ma'am listen to the thunder.
Very good luck to you.
Thank you for all your help, Mr.
Hickok.
- Thanks for coming, Doc.
- The boy said someone fell? Room eight.
It's Jane, Bill.
Come ahead.
This little one's cool as a cucumber.
Is that so? Feel this little one's forehead.
Fever and you parted ways, young lady.
Did she just asked to borrow money? Anyways, how'd it go with Bullock? He'll help the widow.
Good for him.
Good for you.
- Did you tell her so? - Hmm.
You think she'd want company? I'll bet she'd enjoy yours.
Maybe she'd enjoy feelin' the little one's forehead.
You're probably enjoying your damn privacy with Charlie headed for Cheyenne.
I'm writing my wife.
Why didn't you say something, damn you! I owe you a penny.
So long, Jane.
So long, Bill.
All right, breathe big breaths.
Oh, my back! Oh, my aching back.
I'm gonna get you something to ease that.
What's he got, Doc? I guess it's his back is what he landed on when he fell.
My back is sweating and broken.
I don't know what he landed on.
Wait, who said he fell? Course, if little pussy sores rise up on his trunk and his face, more likely he's got other trouble.
- Oh, give me a game.
How I ache.
- Okay, Andy.
I'm gonna give you somethin' to ease that.
You lost your friend in the fire.
Hey! Hey, Winkie! Hey, wait a minute.
Does that look American to you? No, this ain't.
People don't eat this shit! It touched Meow, meow.
Aw hell.
Boys.
Howdy, Bill.
My father was the best company.
From the time I was ever so little.
Problems or difficulties or even sadness, no such thing.
Not permitted.
The evening I was presented to society I found out later he'd been able to attend only by physically fleeing some dismal legal difficulty.
In that sense, my marriage to Mr.
Garret was a tremendous solution.
Tremendous.
At the ceremony I remember father whispered to me, "Darling I can never repay you for what you are about to do but I can repay everyone else.
" And he said, "To think of you, with him, in that godforsaken place is almost unbearable.
" Meaning your husband? And I said, "Maybe he'll die.
" Take that, God damn you! Hang the bastard! What happened? He shot Wild Bill Hickok.
Hey yah! Do you see that? d Life feels so empty d d You feel all alone d d How did I wander d d So far from my home? d d These thoughts run through me d d Stolen my faith d d Please help me, my Father d d For I've fallen from grace.
d

--- S01E05 ---
Tuft off a recently decapitated Indian Authentic heathen hair tufts.
Head brought to camp same day as Wild Bill Hickok was killed.
or five tufts for $1.
Don't miss your chance at a fine souvenir, boys, authentic heathen hair tufts.
Send them east to friends and family.
And if you was to say in your letter with the tufts inside it, it was you who cut the cocksucker's head off, who'd be there to gainsay it? Anyone may join the jurors' line.
Only those admitted to the bar may join the line of candidates for officers of the court.
Jurors will be drawn from the hat on my right.
Officers of the court, in the box on my left.
I have no say in either outcome, so please don't try to bribe me.
- Newspaper fella seems a good sort.
- He's all right.
How far into the process you think he'll stay involved? Till them shysters take over.
I don't know what's become of the woman who was Mr.
Hickok's friend.
Probably drunk over his murder.
Well, there's a child to be considered.
And she couldn't be doing better.
Despite her situation.
I don't see your medicine.
No, I broke the bottle.
All right.
- No! - I don't know if this is the time for you to stop taking this laudanum.
Oh, what a pleasant surprise, Doctor.
To hear you admit the limits of your knowledge.
Have you made any travel plans? Before his murder, Mr.
Hickok arranged with a Mr.
Bullock to look after my affairs here.
That's good.
That'll that'll free you up to leave.
Hair from the heathen dead less than one day.
These are good boots you people sold me.
Glad you're satisfied.
Hair from a heathen dead less than one day! Cut that shit out! No law against me selling these, mister.
No law either against me breaking your fucking jaw if you don't quit it! Put him out here like a goddamned circus freak! Whoa, I'm not making a penny from this.
People just wanted to pay their respects.
Well, I had him here around the side, but they knocked the damn tent over.
Man has a powerful temper.
That hardware cocksucker's been an ongoing pain in my balls since him and his partner showed up.
Where do you suppose that heathen's head got to them tufts of hair came off of, Al? Yeah, I don't know.
Didn't some Mexican bring the head in for bounty? If it's important to you, I'll look it up in my yesterday's diary.
Couldn't matter less.
As far as the trial itself, I got no problem acting as host.
Loss of revenues notwithstanding.
Well, I'm happy to have it at my joint, but being you're senior in the community, it seems somehow out of place.
Anyways, we'll have it here.
But just let me say this once in your hearing.
For outright stupidity, the whole fucking trial concept goes shoulder to shoulder with Custer's thinking when he headed for that ridge.
It's got its disadvantages.
We're illegal.
Our whole goal is to get annexed to the United States.
We start holding trials, what's to keep the United States Congress from saying, "Oh excuse us, we didn't realize you were a sovereign community and nation out there.
Where's your cocksucker's flag? Where's your fucking navy or the like? Maybe when we make our treaty with the Sioux, we should treat you people like renegade Indians, deny your gold and property claims and hand everything over instead to our ne'er-do-well cousins and brother's-in-law"? That we don't want.
But, if we're gonna have the fucking thing, might as well have it in my joint, huh? Tom Smith of Lead! Juror number seven! - How's business? - Hot and cold.
Struggling to get our craps concept off the ground.
That's the way with any new idea.
- Takes the hoople-heads time to adjust.
- Samuel Smith.
Sometimes I wish we could just hit 'em over the head, rob 'em and throw their bodies in the creek.
But that would be wrong.
Jay Johnson, Spearfish.
Juror number 10! - Mr.
Bullock? - Doc? I just seen Mrs.
Garret.
I've got a proxy for her to sign.
You oughta go ahead and get that done so she can go ahead and leave camp.
Anything else on your schedule I'm behind on? No, sir.
I will now draw from the lawyers' business cards in the box, the presiding magistrate, prosecutor and counsel for the defense.
After that part's over, and not prejudging the evidence why don't we try the cocksucker at my place? Second.
Officers of the court, magistrate There's a cripple who'd do, if I could pry her from Mr.
Swearengen.
How much money would loosen his grip? More likely Al would bridle at breaking his routine.
He likes to berate the gimp mornings.
I cannot see to this child.
She needs someone less distracted.
I wish to see you extricated from all these complications and difficulties, Mrs.
Garret, - as much as you do yourself.
- Oh, thank you, Mr.
Farnum.
And in that regard, wonder if you've decided on my bid for your claim yet? - Are you Mr.
Bullock? - Yes.
I'm Alma Garret.
How do you do? Please excuse me.
I'm spread so thin with my cook out.
I got this for you to sign.
Have you a pen at the desk, Mr.
Farnum? Certainly.
Several days ago I watched you and Wild Bill Hickok support each other in a gunfight from the window in my room.
Later, when Mr.
Hickok spoke so highly, Mr.
Bullock, l I imagined it was you.
Mr.
Bullock has authority to act on my behalf on all matters relating to the claim.
I see.
In case you couldn't, I thought I'd tell you.
Wonderful.
One load off your back.
Let me see about getting you that cripple.
- Is he dead or alive? - He's sick.
And we ain't no hospital! Number eight's relocating.
Bundle him up, put some of Leon's remedy down him and take him to the hills.
Can someone else do it, Mr.
Tolliver? Sure they can.
Shall I get someone else to take him? No, I'll do it.
And burn the blanket afterwards.
Thanks, Bart.
Some do get well, Cy.
His chances will improve outdoors.
The bracing air.
What are you moving the tables for? You said you wanted the jury right here.
Can't they sit at separate tables? Do you want the tables together or not? I don't want anything done that can't be undone five minutes after this fiasco concludes.
Clean somewhere where I can't see you.
Go on, get fucking! Have patience with the widow, Al.
She's give her proxy to that hardware fella.
Hickok breaks my balls from the afterlife.
You feel before he was murdered, Hickok enlisted Bullock in the widow's cause? Advance the subject or pick up a broom.
Signing a proxy don't mean the widow can't do a deal.
It just includes Bullock in.
If the widow trusts her own judgment, she don't let Hickok bring the hardware cocksucker into it.
She's trying to get off the dope.
Maybe loaded she'd get her self-confidence back.
Let me camp beneath her window and suggest that.
Hickok's half-woman friend's off somewheres on a tear.
The orphan squarehead's in the widow's care.
The widow feels put upon.
She's asked me to find her some help.
I suggested the gimp.
No! So as not to put a whore up first off.
Now, I will propose Trixie.
As a get-acquainted gift, she could bring the widow a good-sized ball of dope.
Yes.
Well thought through, E.
B.
Tell the widow you have a candidate.
I have to go look to my roast.
My cook's on the queue to see Hickok's remains.
Then he'll probably sneak here for the trial.
Oops.
Reverend.
Uh, sir.
Sir, who stands for Mr.
Hickok? - What do you mean? - Mr.
Utter has gone to Cheyenne.
And I don't find Mr.
Hickok's woman friend.
Mr.
Nuttall commissioned the coffin, but wishes not to participate further.
Now I need guidance in certain matters.
But I don't know who stands for him.
What are you trying to find out? For example, I thought "How Firm a Foundation.
" For the hymn.
Sounds a good choice.
- Do you think so? - Yes, I do.
Might something else be more appropriate? - I don't know.
- I think "How Firm a Foundation" for the hymn and from the Gospel, - First Corinthians 12.
- All right.
"If the foot shall say 'Because I am not the hand, I'm not of the body,' is it therefore not of the body? And if the ear shall say 'Because I'm not the eye I'm not of the body,' is it therefore not? Now hath God set the members, every one of them, in the body as it hath pleased Him.
" That is a good choice, Reverend.
Are we open for business? - I know you.
- I know you, too.
After bumrushin' me outta your fine hardware establishment, you didn't see this comin', did you? I halfway did, you droop-eyed cocksucker! I was born droop-eyed, all right? And who do you blame for the rest of the mess? Let me ask you this, cocksucker, you think they know me in New York City by now? If you wasn't tied up I would kill ya! Ow, what are you cryin' for? - What? - I'm askin' what you're cryin' for? Did you love Hickok so much? Was you sweethearts? Did he stick his dick up your ass? Hey, Hey! I'm this man's counsel.
They will pin a rose on you.
Boy, I'll shake your hand.
I'm all trussed up like a Christmas pig.
I would say you're better situated than your companions.
Well, I'm a hard case for you, Counselor.
And no mistake, everyone in there saw me shoot him.
If you'll let me set our strategy, I don't think we'll dispute what people saw.
Now, I guess you're here to break me out.
Son, did James Butler Hickok ever kill a relative of yours? James Butler Hickok? Wild Bill Hickok.
Did he ever kill a brother of yours or the like? - A brother? - I'm asking you if what happened in that saloon was vengeance for the death of a family member.
Possibly a brother in Abilene, or the like.
A brother in Abilene.
Oh, Christ.
Oh, Jesus.
You all right? Look, I'm sorry as hell about all this.
Sorry as hell.
I'm not gonna burn the fucking blanket.
Fuck Cy! Look, this is not my fucking fault.
It's not my fault.
Oh, Christ.
Oh, God take me! What do you look at out there? Whatever I can see.
Clean up.
Am I on jury duty? Put on a decent enough dress to help a widow with a kid.
What widow in camp has a kid? The widow is the New York dude's widow.
The kid is the orphan squarehead.
I didn't know she was caring for that child now.
Does it change what fucking dress you wear? No.
Widow's a dope fiend.
She's been drinking it.
Help her expand her horizons.
I see no guard outside of room eight.
Yeah, room eight left.
Borne by angels? You don't have that man to worry about anymore.
You or me either.
Just put the man in room eight from your mind.
I have no vaccine for the sickness the man in room eight didn't have.
The closest place that does to my knowledge, is Fort Kearney.
If you want to remedy the epidemic that you have no reason to believe will break out, I would send somebody there right away.
Heard you loud and clear, Doctor.
Will you send someone, Mr.
Tolliver? If I do, you'll be the first to know.
If you don't, and I have to, that will be known to every damn person in this camp! Joey? You ever had Nebraska pussy? Not to my knowledge, Mr.
Tolliver.
Eddie Sawyer, get in here! True or not, Eddie, when a man wets his end in Nebraska pussy, his life is changed forever.
Speaking only for myself, I still mark the anniversary.
Well, point me in the right direction.
You hear that, Eddie? Boy's got a healthy attitude.
Yes, sir? Come here.
Get this outta here.
Get rid of it? Did you hear me announce the other night that I'd pay a $50 bounty for every Indian head? - I was right next to you, Al.
- That's the first head.
Some chili chomper's out there somewhere right now spending my $50.
You get rid of that head, or you'd better know of another place with a position open for an idiot.
All right.
Got a couple places I can keep it, I guess.
Yeah, till after the trial.
Well, what do you do with it then? Put it somewhere in the bar? It's a nice conversation piece.
I mean if it's handled the right way.
You have been tested, Al Swearengen.
And your deepest purposes proved there's gold on the woman's claim.
You might as well have shouted it from the rooftops.
"That's why I'm jumping through hoops to get it back.
Thorough as I fleeced the fool she married, I will fleece his widow, too, using loyal associates like Eustace Bailey Farnum as my go-betweens and dupes.
To explain why I want her bought out, I will make a pretext of my fear of the Pinkertons.
I will throw Farnum a token thief.
Why should I reward E.
B.
With some small fractional participation in the claim? Or let him even lay by a little security and source of continuing income for his declining years? What's he ever done for me? Except let me terrify him every goddamned day of his life till the idea of bowel regularity is a forlorn fucking hope.
Not to mention ordering a man killed in one of E.
B.
's rooms.
So every fucking free moment of his life E.
B.
Has to spend scrubbing the bloodstains off the goddamned floor! To keep from having to lower his rates.
" God damn that motherfucker! Rules of the court.
No nonsense.
Prosecution will open.
The defense will respond.
The jury will be charged and deliberate.
Go ahead.
We shoulder a great weight here today.
Now we're many of us miners, but this is no claim dispute.
- Christmas.
- Hmm? We'll be here till fucking Christmas.
Yesterday, a man of reputation was killed in this camp.
Now the killer had no reputation.
But the circumstances speak badly enough about his character that, in time to come, he may get one.
Now we all know that even though the killer is a coward, not all killings are murders.
You jurors have to decide if this killing was.
And your decision will come to this: Either a man giving you a dollar for breakfast is provocation beyond endurance, or Jack McCall shooting Wild Bill Hickok was murder, pure and simple.
Picked up his pace towards the end.
Go ahead.
Sir.
Why'd you kill Hickok, Mr.
McCall? He murdered my brother in Kansas.
Murdered your brother in Kansas.
Thank you, son.
Hmm.
Don't count your fucking chickens.
Go ahead.
When did Hickok murder your brother, Mr.
McCall? In Kansas, Abilene.
Are you still drunk? I said when? I don't recall the exact year.
When they was both in Abilene.
And you were present? Not at shooting, no.
But you were in Abilene at the time that this happened? No, when the shooting happened, no.
Tell that judge I want to see him.
- Were you ever in Abilene? - Yes.
Well do you often play cards, McCall, for three days with a man who murdered your brother before in passion's white heat you take your revenge? No, it wasn't white heat.
I had to find my chance.
If that's it, I'm calling a break for nature and we'll finish later.
Do you even have a brother, Mr.
McCall? Yeah, and Hickok killed him.
Break for nature.
Sir? Sir? Bullet that killed Hickok is in my wrist.
Any chance I could testify? McCall already admitted he killed Hickok.
Years to come when I'm giving talks or the like, I'd appreciate if I'd be on the record.
There's $50 in it for you.
I'd be telling the truth, sir! Mrs.
Garret? It's okay.
Who is it? I'm sent to help you with the little one.
I'm Trixie.
Thank you for coming at such short notice, Trixie.
Ain't you pretty? I'm sorry about your husband, ma'am.
It's good of you to care for the child.
I was under the impression you were hurt.
Ma'am? Mr.
Farnum said you had some sort of physical liability? I'm not her.
She's lovely, though, Jewel.
May I wash her? Give her a nice bath? Of course.
All right, little one.
She doesn't speak English.
I'm Trixie.
Trixie.
You want a blow job while I talk to you? No.
I wasn't offering it personally.
Make your point.
My point is before a guilty verdict would get executed on that cocksucker, three men would walk in that meat locker where he's being held with bags over their heads and cut his fucking throat.
Within half an hour those celestial little pigs will be on their backs with their hooves in the air belching up human remains.
Are you saying you'd order that to be done? I'm saying I had a vision it would happen.
My second of the day.
First come when I was watching you and them lawyers on line this morning.
They began to slither in my sight like vipers.
So as not to puke I had to close my eyes.
The vision went on.
Got worse.
I saw the vipers in the big nest in Washington.
They were taking us in the camp for acting like we could set our own laws up or organizations.
And then I saw the big viper decide to strangle and swallow us up and every fucking thing we gain here.
It was horrible.
How could we fucking avoid it? How could we let the vipers in the big nest know that we didn't wanna cause any fucking trouble? And that's when you had your second vision? Yeah, the cutthroats and the pigs.
But who wants all that blood spilled, Judge? Isn't there a simpler way of not pissing off the big vipers? I want to get back to the trial.
Go ahead.
How do you suppose the trial's going? - I don't know.
- Should've took him into the territory.
Hang 'em here, they'll be opening a can a worms.
Guess it's all a can a worms.
Now you're talking.
Will you help me with the body? Good talk? We'll see.
Mm.
You see that one? Him, that one there in the middle.
- The curly hair? - Yeah, yeah.
Told me the other night how bad Hickok needed killing.
Yeah.
Said Hickok insulted him in the street.
Hope he's got a forceful personality.
We're back in session.
This camp is part of no territory, state or nation.
Stars and stripes may fly here soon, but that day is not here yet.
You of the jury therefore are without the law upon which to decide this case.
And how then are you to decide it? You must rely on common custom.
That McCall killed Hickok is not in dispute.
He says he was taking revenge, that Hickok murdered his brother.
If you believe what he says to be true custom dictates that you excuse him.
The jury will now retire to the whores' rooms and begin their deliberations.
- Suppose Ellsworth's with us? - Oh yeah, four square.
Open the bar.
Get the girls fucking till the jury comes back.
The downstairs rooms is occupied.
Upstairs ain't.
True.
Strike me dead.
I apologize.
Please, I hurt so much now.
You're one sick fucking customer.
I apologize.
Don't apologize to me.
I don't even fucking know ya! You want a drink of whiskey? No lip in the bottle, but I got a pretty steady pouring hand.
I apologize.
Accepted.
Open your yap! Hey! Open up! More for me anyhow.
I apologize.
Hey.
My best friend died.
The man I had my best friend-feeling about in the world.
Took you as he found you, thought the best of you.
Sweet to me! I apologize.
Maybe you would rather have some water? I will go get some from the creek.
But if you don't stop 'pologizing, I'm not gonna give you a goddamn drop.
All right, mister?! I'm coming back with some water.
I apologize.
Shut the fuck up! Look how pretty you are.
Pretty girl.
Are you poorly? Crampy? Yes.
Does laudanum help? It used to.
It doesn't anymore.
Are you afraid? Yes.
I was awful afraid when I was stopping.
First I was afraid I was gonna die.
And then I was afraid I wouldn't.
And then one day I woke up free.
I don't know why I didn't think to put her in one of my camisoles.
No, but you look how pretty she looks in it.
Look at her.
May I confide? Certainly.
I've never been laid in Nebraska.
We all of us sometimes embellish.
I feel unburdened.
Happy to help.
What did you send him to get? If I haven't said yet, Eddie, you think asking's gonna make me? Look at the lady.
It's quiet, I thought I would see Hickok buried.
Sure.
Sure, what? Sure, Joanie, go ahead.
Or was your point you weren't asking permission? Conscience struck.
Needs to sing a hymn.
She liked Andy.
I did too.
Doc? I'm in the back! Well, I won't trouble nothing.
- Hi, Doc.
- What is it? Couple years ago I took powders.
Getting some awful cramping.
- I wish I knew what was in 'em.
- That'd be helpful.
Brownish like.
I put 'em in my tea.
Well, if it's the monthlys, I generally prescribe a day or two of laudanum against the cramps.
Coming off the laudanum's what had me crampy.
Then you used it for more than a few days.
Little longer, yeah.
Between 12 and however old I was three years ago.
Have you taken 'em back up again? It's the rich woman wants to stop.
- The widow.
- And what's that to you? Or to you why I be interested? I won't swear this is your sovereign remedy.
But the color will be right.
And it should give her some relief.
Thanks, Doc.
It's a little enough to do with what's coming.
What would that be? And what would that be to you? Finish your business.
The jury's coming back.
Hurry it up! What's the verdict? Innocent.
Thank you.
The defendant is free.
Don't ever knock this camp to me.
Good luck, son.
I need a drink.
Mr.
Hickok will lie beside two brothers.
One he likely killed, the other he killed for certain and he's been killed now in turn.
So much blood.
And on the battlefields of the brothers' war, I saw more blood than this.
And asked then as for the purpose, and did not know.
And don't know the purpose now.
But know now to testify that not knowing, I believe.
Saint Paul tells us by one's spirit are we all baptized in the one body.
Whether we be Jew or gentile, bond or free.
And have all been made to drink into one spirit.
For the body is not one member, but many.
He tells us, "The eye cannot say unto the hand, 'I have no need of thee.
' Nor again, the head to the feet, 'I have no need of thee.
' They much more those members of the body which seem to be more feeble.
And those members of the body which we think of as less honorable, all are necessary.
" He says that there should be no schism in the body, but that the members should have the same care, one to another.
And where the one member suffer, all the members suffer with it.
I believe in God's purpose, not knowing it.
I ask Him, moving in me, to allow me to see His will.
I ask Him, moving in others, to allow them to see it.
Let us sing "How Firm a Foundation" as Mr.
Hickok is laid to rest.
d When through d d Fiery trials d d Thy pathways shall lie d d My grace d d All sufficient d d Shall be thy supply d d The flame d d Shall not hurt thee d d I only design d They turned him loose.
- McCall? - They turned him loose.
d And thy gold to refine.
d - Can we get started? - He's near done.
Oh, you can tell? Can you believe they let the son of a bitch go? Yeah, I guess I can.
Here he comes.
Oh, thank you for waiting.
You've been so kind to me, a stranger.
Many of us have asked being broken, "How are we to live?" You took me into the body of the camp.
I'm from Etobicoke, Ontario.
I'm from Vienna, Austria.
May I ask, Mr.
Bullock, what you feel now may be your part? Can't say I know what you're talking about.
I would not impose, it's been given me to ask.
You did what you've been given to do.
The camp was lucky you were here today.
No, I'm a frail and feeble vessel, but none of us can deny our parts Can we finish the goddamned walk in quiet? Certainly, sir.
Sorry, Reverend.
Can I get your autograph please? There you go, that's for you.
Should it ever be your misfortune, gentlemen, or mine to need to kill a man, then let us toast together the possibility that our trials be held in this camp.
Here, here.
What's your name? It's Jack, ain't it? Yes, sir.
You buy me a drink, I'll make my mark.
Stick around camp, Jack.
I will make mine for you.
What in the hell's that supposed to mean? Means there's a horse for you outside you want to get on before somebody murders you who gives a fuck about right and wrong, or I do.
It's the paint, Jack.
Right outside my joint.
Run for your fucking life.
Jack McCall runs from no man.
Remember this when you run your own place.
That type guy hanging round gets people agitated.
Forces 'em to take a position, one side or the other.
And agitation brings a slight bump-up in whiskey sales.
But the sale of cunt plummets.
That's why I often wonder if I should take that fucking picture of Lincoln down.
Come on.
Come on.
Yah, yah.
It's me, mister! Back with water.
Are you dead?! Yeah! There you are.
Choking and coughing just like the rest of us.
Saw the widow's husband in the creek.
'Less they're keeping more than one body cool for shipping back East.
Tethered, wrapped up, and floating like a lure for some huge fucking fish.
The widow's got the little one now.
I had her for a while, but I ain't the type she should be with long term.
Fucking drunk and so forth.
And when I was down at the creek I heard voices and I went to where they were singing.
And I saw as they laid my poor Bill to rest.
Now there's a bird I ain't never seen before.
Shall I talk about it to you? The man is a lunatic.
High water, he never made much sense.
But now he just utters pure gibberish.
Did he look pale to you? - What? - Did he seem pale? How the fuck do I know if he was pale or not? - He looked pale to me.
- What if he was? Let's say he was.
Will you shut up about it? What is my part and your part? What part of my part is your part? Is my foot your knee? What about your ear? What the fuck is that? Yeah.
I don't know.
What don't you know? If he was pale or not? What you're supposed to do.
I'm not supposed to do anything! Let's agree to that.
Not one fucking thing that I don't decide I'm gonna.
All right, Sol? All right.
Suspenders.
God damn it! If I kill the droop-eyed son of a bitch and my part's getting hanged for it, good luck with the fucking store.
All right.
I will write to Martha and see it posted.
- You look out after that widow.
- All right, Seth.
Can I impose on you to pack a bag for me to cut down on the cocksucker's head start? Be ready for you when you ride out.
Thanks, Sol.
Did you get the praying outta your system? Yah! d God and man played hide and go seek d d God go, "Man now, man, don't you peek" d d Man counted to 10 d d And then looked around d d But God was nowhere d d Nowhere to be found d d Ha ha ha, that's right d d Now God is in you d d And God is in me d d And to love all of God d d Is to love humanity d d Ha ha ha, I'm bigger than thee d d Whoo, ha ha ha.
d

--- S01E06 ---
Whoa! Ah! May I say, Dan, ever since I resumed drinking alcohol, I cannot for the life of me figure out why I ever gave it up.
- Takes the edge off the tough ones.
- Ooh.
Takes the edge off.
Well put.
And may I say, Dan, that I often find you the source of many well put and witty things that you say.
Thanks.
The Hickok murder, exoneration of the coward McCall, stain on the escutcheon of the camp.
Doc, libation! I wonder if he thought I said "live patient?" Couldn't get it up.
Give her a dollar to wait.
But he just keeps getting sicker.
Shut up! Come talk to me after, Doc.
My back hurts so bad.
Will you keep a girl company? I will, but I'm expensive.
Oh, I knew that looking at you.
I'm Joanie.
Ellsworth.
First visit to the Bella Union, Ellsworth? Yes, ma'am.
My leisure time's usually spent at The Gem.
What fills the rest of your time? Well, ma'am, I've got myself a working gold claim.
Well, sir, is that a damn fact? Yes, ma'am, a hell of a working gold claim.
And if we knew each other better, I would throw fucking in there somewhere.
If you did, I would try to catch it.
A working, fucking gold claim, Joanie.
And thank you for allowing me my full range of expression.
- Ellsworth.
- What? Do you shoot craps? No, I don't.
But I'm a lethally quick study.
Come on.
Joey? I'm sick, boss.
I ain't right.
Keep your voice down.
Walk this way.
I would never've made Nebraska.
I got fever.
My back's hurt something awful.
All right, son, lay up till you get better.
Here's that list you give me.
You hold it for awhile.
Fella who could read said one of the items was for smallpox.
What are you doing showing that list around? Well, when I got poorly by Buffalo Gap I wanted to see if I could fill the list there.
That's a breach of goddamned trust! Have I got smallpox, Mr.
Tolliver? How do I know? Maybe you got yourself a dose.
No, I-I wouldn't.
I'm virgin.
That's how come I jumped when you told about Nebraska pussy.
Anyway, go lay up.
Joey didn't make Nebraska? Come down with whatever ailed Andy Cramed.
I wonder if Joey was after a remedy for Andy? Maybe without even knowing.
Ain't you clever, Eddie? Was I being clever? I thought I was worrying about the plague.
Why don't you concentrate on running in the bones on Joanie's mark? A welcome diversion.
Woman lives in your fucking hotel, but you can't find pretext for pressing the offer on her claim? I can't out flank Trixie, Al.
The whore guards that widow like a mother hen.
She's dosed her with opium priming her for your approach.
- Be that as it may - E.
B.
, put that offer in your pocket.
- You knock on the widow's door.
- But Trixie'll answer.
Trixie answers, you tell her I want to talk to her.
Trixie leaves, you gain entry, broach the sale.
Can you circumnavigate the child or must I map that for you, too? What? Nothing.
Come on in, Doc, him and me are finished.
Don't play that shit where you make me drag your words outta you.
Declare, or shut the fuck up! I said something strange is going on in that hotel room.
It's bad with that fella downstairs, Al.
Plague, is it? Smallpox.
Would land in my joint.
Yours wasn't the first.
No deceit too prolonged.
No errand too demeaning.
Get outta here! No rebuke too vile.
Al Swearengen's a cue and Farnum merely is a billiard ball.
Howdy.
Shit! Quagmire of piss and bullshit! What? Al wants to see you, Trixie.
All right.
He wants you over there now.
I'll be there when I get there, E.
B.
How is Mrs.
Garret anyway? Hunky-dory.
My boss wants me.
I'll be back quick as I can.
This passes.
All right.
Place your bets, gentlemen.
Place your bets.
New shooter coming out! The winner's seven.
What you hear on that vaccine? He's had a case break out at his place.
Let's go to the cage, or shall the three of us leap up on tables and shout questions across the room? What about the vaccine? The boy never made Nebraska.
- He took sick.
- Where is he now? - In the back here.
- How long has that been? You don't want to pursue that tone.
You sat on news, no one went after the meds, now I'm asking the duration.
And I'm saying questions in that tone and pointing your finger at me will get you told to fuck yourself.
Show me the room where the boy is.
Please, join us.
How long they been playing this without me? - What do you want? - It's laundry day, madam.
- I've come to replace the linen.
- Leave it and go.
Are you ill? Leave the room.
Of course.
Breathe.
We should chat this all out.
Sure.
Why don't we do something together? Us and several others? Yeah, all right.
Lift up.
There we go.
All right, lie down.
If I had that mug on me, I believe I'd cut down getting told how butt fucking ugly I was by not staring at fucking strangers.
Sorry-looking cabin even in this shithole camp! Passers-through has a right to make inquiries? A leave-taker has it.
I carried that fucking child! No, not in my belly, but none of that fucking blood in me.
Fucking cocksucker! It's Jane Canary calling for Doc fucking Cochran! You fucking in there? I believe I'll fucking wait! Trixie's upstairs.
E.
B.
's waiting for you in the kitchen.
Quit drinking a few hours.
We're having a get-together.
Whom do you mean? Buy some fucking fruit or the like, huh? I told you something strange was going on.
Are you prepared now to tell me what it is? If that widow was high I am a monkey's uncle.
How much fruit? How many's a fucking get-together? Now one thing I can tell you, Johnny right now ain't a good time to ask.
Hi, Al.
You toss the place? I know what's in this room.
How's the widow? You giving her that dope? I give it to her regular.
And she takes it? She goes behind where she dresses to spare the child seeing.
When she goes behind where she dresses to spare the child, do you see billows of dope smoke rising? She says she eats it.
- Does she act high to you? - I can't be sure.
I never seen a rich person high before.
Next piece of dope, Trixie you go behind the screen with the widow.
You watch her put it in her mouth, you watch her swallow.
Afterwards, you look down her fucking yap and you verify she's got nothing above or below her fucking tongue.
I'll find a good reason.
You being fucking clever with me? How am I supposed to do that and not arouse her suspicion? Only suspicion you gotta worry about is mine of if you're giving it to her at all.
Why wouldn't I? I'd rather try touching the moon than take on a whore's thinking.
Only know this, Trixie, that widow better be muddleheaded next time Farnum sees her or you pay.
- Can I go back? - Please.
Trixie and me chatted on the subject - of the widow taking dope.
- I see.
- Trixie's gonna make sure she does.
- Good.
You find pretext to determine Trixie ain't lying.
Oh.
Damsel in distress.
Will you want me back for the get-together? How the fuck could we do it without you, E.
B? Truth isn't in you.
Makes two of us.
Dolly was with that drummer.
'Fraid he give her plague.
Fucking plague! d Row, row, row your boat d d Gently down the steam d d Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily d d Life is but a dream d d Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily d d Life is but a dream.
d It's lovely.
Very lovely.
I need you to do something for me.
And I know you can.
When Farnum's here, so we can buy you time to get well you have to fake being high.
d Row, row, row your boat d - d Gently down the steam d - You can do it, Alma.
Look at all the practice you've had.
d Merrily, merrily, merrily, life is but a dream d You better have a paying dwarf underneath you! Am I dying? Turn off the fucking water and tell me what you did.
- I know you didn't fuck him.
- No.
You suck his prick? He didn't want to show it to me till he had a hard on.
That's what you call a mistake of youth.
You mug it up with him? - A little.
- French lock or normal? Normal.
So any hoople-head who drank from the same glass this guy did would have as much right to sit there weeping as you, except I can't kick his ass and send him out to work.
My mom died of it when we was coming out.
And that's when Daddy gave us up.
Well, that sad story makes me believe maybe you was exposed and ain't a candidate for it no more.
Stick to hand jobs a day or two if you like.
These sheets need cleaning.
I just provided new linens.
And now they got sick on 'em.
Take those to the Chinaman.
Show you want a clean exchange.
Say, "For Mr.
Farnum, Wu.
Sheet for Farnum.
" - Hello.
- Hello, Mr.
Star.
- May I help with those sheets? - I got 'em.
How is Mrs.
Garret? - Still not receiving.
- You do tell her I've asked to call? On commission for Mr.
Bullock.
How's business at your store? Brisk.
Oh.
Jesus Christ! You just shit yourself! I take it you've been out on a hoot.
I've been drunk awhile, correct.
What the fuck is that to you? Question was well meant, like if you was a farmer I would ask you how the farming was going.
I did lose my fucking best friend, you know? I know.
Anyways, I ain't here to teach you any manners.
I was wondering about the child.
She's fine.
And what else? And she's staying with that widow, and the whore from The Gem is with her, too.
What the fuck is a whore doing with her? The widow has health problems of her own.
And Trixie's taking care of her.
Trixie being the fucking whore? You have high standards as applied to other people.
I ain't judging anyone.
I was seeking information! Well, are you adequately informed? Yes, I am, you cocksucker! 'Cause I am in the midst of a situation.
Oh, smallpox? What the fuck is that to you? Fella in the woods I see to say hello to has it.
Unless he caught it from a trout.
I figured some in the camp could be down with it, too.
What was he doing in the woods? Someone threw him there.
Anyways, he's better now.
And how do you feel? What's that supposed to mean? - How do you feel? - Why? I take it that you're feeling well.
- Am I wrong? - No, you're not fucking wrong! That's all I wanted to fucking know! I will lay you out as soon as look at you! This is my point.
You been caring for a sick man who doesn't seem to have gotten you sick.
Aren't you a wise fucking owl? Being as you have a gift for it, and I'm gonna have sick people up to my hips, I was wondering if you might wanna come back to camp.
My best friend died.
And he ain't coming back! Now will you help me? You can do your drinking off work, like I do.
Madam? Yes? How are you? Better, Mr.
Farnum.
Thank you.
I'm glad.
How are you? Very well, thank you.
Excuse me.
- I brought more linens.
- Hmm.
I'd heard someone threw up.
Well, appears luck pinches out at this game even quicker than prospecting.
It can come back that quick, too.
Never weaken, same as at the creek.
You want to stop for a while, Ellsworth? We can stop.
Oh, what if my luck comes back? Won't be here to reap the benefits.
Well, maybe it'll a wait for ya.
Of course, too, maybe it won't, right, Joanie? Maybe you should stop for awhile, honey.
You need to piss? Excuse me.
Did I say that too polite, Cy? Go head off now.
Eddie, take over the game.
Push them bones my way, will ya? Place your bets, gentlemen.
Place your bets.
All right, let's warm the world back up now.
New shooter coming out.
Seven, the winner.
The winner is seven.
You sure you don't want to get on me, young man? Well, I might hazard a 20.
All right, now! Do not detain me.
Seven, the winner is seven.
Hot shooter! You can't keep an old man down! Wagons, westward bound! - It's a seven.
- You better get on me now.
I got a meeting to go to and I got a hot hand here! Hah! Money's out front, honey.
Okay.
Spots are coming out all over his body.
That don't decide how it ends.
Joey was cherry.
I know.
He didn't want us to do it till he knew how.
You'd do better if the tricks didn't think looking at 'em made you cry.
Whoa, now.
It's Johnny Burns, Reverend.
Mr.
Burns.
- How are you? - There's a meeting at The Gem.
Mr.
Swearengen thought you'd wanna come, too.
At his saloon? Yes, sir.
May I ask the meeting's purpose? Well, he don't get into that with me.
All right, thank you.
Tell Mr.
Swearengen I will be there.
He's having me get fruit.
I know that much.
Fine.
The three red hands on the pony's flank was three men killed hand to hand.
The red circle was one killed on horseback.
The white lines on the pony's legs was times that he's a'counted coup.
With them, whether you mean to kill your man after or you're just showing off, you hit 'em with a gun butt or a stick or a club.
That's counting coup.
That's why he come for you instead of picking you off with an arrow, like he did your horse.
Charlie.
Ah, there you are.
That was one bad hombre you got by Bullock.
Bill's dead, Charlie.
Of your own seeing? Yeah.
I heard it spoke of two days ago, but as often as he wasn't before, I hoped he wasn't this time, too.
I was after the bastard who did it.
Anything broke? No.
Can you ride? Yeah.
Let's get that cocksucker.
We should dig a grave.
I'd as soon not waste the fucking time.
It won't take long.
You ain't doing him no favor.
I mean his way to heaven's above ground and looking west! Well, let's do that, then.
Don't you want to take him over the ridge? This hole in the ground and put him up there with his headless buddy? I mean, that's what you nearly got killed for.
Interfering with his big fucking medicine, burying his fucking buddy over the fucking ridge! Trixie did her work and then some, Al.
Must've put a double handful of that dope down the widow's mouth.
Did you happen to offer on her gold claim? The moment was wrong.
The dope had made the widow randy.
Lustful looks, heavy breathing.
Outthrust chest.
The full catalog.
Only hope you comported yourself as a gentlemen.
There was a child in the room.
Peaches and pears on the fucking bar.
Spoon it out amongst yourselves.
First thing to say is plague's in the fucking camp.
Smallpox.
Plague is spread by rats.
I was raised calling it plague but Doc wants that in reserve in case our luck holds and the rats decide to descend on us, too, hmm? But whatever you fucking call it, the point is for no one to raise their fucking dresses over their heads.
You you wait it out.
You outlast the cocksucker.
I've outlasted several fucking outbreaks.
Is it pretty? No, but it passes.
So, we need a place for them to get it.
To care for 'em and to keep 'em outta sight so people don't get frightened and disgusted.
Mr.
Bullock and me have lumber left from putting our building up.
Tent's a better impression.
Emphasizes it's a passing phase.
As far as a vaccine, one place we know has it is Fort Carney.
How do we know that? Off the fucking issue, Tom.
Bismarck and Cheyenne probably got it, too.
So we should send to all three places.
And as time's a factor, stagecoaches ain't the right conveyance, so I suggest three groups of horsemen, huh? Five riders to a group, fend off the dirt worshipers.
$10 in advance, 50 on return.
Would be three times five times 60.
$900 at the worst.
Assuming they all survive.
Add in, for the vaccine and paying the Doc, I would say $1,500 is the target.
I'm in for five.
- 500.
- Two.
- Two.
- You fucking kidding me, E.
B? Bullock and Star.
You're all right.
I assume they'll be a public announcement in "The Pioneer.
" Yeah, get a jump on them panic-mongers.
Can you give me five minutes, Doc, after the meeting adjourns? Give some positive angle to it.
Vaccine's on it's way or looks like it's the mild type.
It would also be useful to avoid apocalyptic predictions.
Nip that Sodom and Gomorrah shit in the bud, huh? And stigmatizing the afflicted.
Where will we locate the pest tent? I bought a lot at the end of Chink's Alley you can use.
Gonna build a joint in future, catering to the celestials, ain't you? You clever cocksucker.
They are the fucking degenerate gamblers among all the races.
I'll see to recruiting the riders.
$10 a rider advanced money.
If I can get your John Hancock for the receipt of the 150 Fruit's up here, anybody didn't get any.
Oh, for Chrissake.
All right, Reverend.
Somebody get me something to hold his jaw open.
Here you go, Doc.
Fruit spoon, Doc.
Not a fucking metal spoon, Johnny! He'll break every tooth in his mouth.
Here you go, Doc.
Doc, I won't say it's pristine.
All right, Reverend.
You're doing better, Reverend.
You ever see him do that? He's all right.
Used to have a fucking brother given to that.
We'd make pennies off it when it'd come over him in the street.
Hey, Reverend, you could've just said "Amen.
" Quite the civic figure, Cy.
That's me, that's what I live for.
How healthy we leave that prospector? He'll be back.
Fucking Joanie.
Got a crack out of turn.
You still got an awful smooth hand, young man.
Yeah.
Practice makes perfect, huh? Yeah, Cy.
And you give a good hand job yourself.
Find out from Joanie how exposed that redhead got to the kid.
Anything else you want me to ask you her for you? Eddie, if I talk to her right now, I'll break her fucking jaw.
And if we keep talking, I'll break yours, too.
I take it I suffered some sort of convulsion or seizure.
Perhaps brought on by irregular hours.
Oh, I see.
I suspect you will soon be hanging up your shingle in competition with me? - No, oh no, no, sir.
- Mm.
How did you feel before the spell come on you? I noticed a peculiar smell in the air, as if something were burning.
Is this first time? No, the first episode occurred several days ago.
After the service for Mr.
Hickok.
And any others between that one and this? No.
Follow my finger.
Hmm, perhaps I just need glasses.
Merrick needs to see you about the article.
Prescribe this malingerer a can of peaches and show him the fucking door.
Am I clear to assist you to tend to the sick? You are cleared, Reverend.
What the fuck's wrong with you? I don't know.
You better figure it the fuck out.
'Cause this free-ride shit's coming to a quick fucking halt.
Free ride? What would you call it? I earn my way.
How? Posing in expensive dresses and breaking up catfights? Taking trouble to steer the trade? That don't pay the freight, honey.
You're here to create a fucking atmosphere.
Fucking atmosphere you create lately, "I'm sad.
" Then on your bad days, "Oh, I'm so sad.
" Oh.
What is it, sweetheart? I guess it's coming here.
What's wrong with coming here? You never liked the river that much.
What's wrong with a fresh start? How it feels when there isn't one.
Well, shit.
Stay here, I'll bring you back a fucking lollipop.
Sorry I cracked on your play with the prospector.
Me and Eddie turned it into a longer campaign.
If he don't get plague, it'll all have a happy end.
My worry's you.
And my concern's feelings of fucking affection.
Shut up, Cy.
Work on believing it, Joanie.
That's the way I always want to touch you, just like that.
Don't make me do it different.
"Two cases of the smallpox have been diagnosed in our camp by Doctor Amos Cochran.
" Hey, Doc! Get the Amos outta there! Scratch Amos.
"At Dr.
Cochran's suggestion, a pest tent, endowed by the generous retailers of our fine community, is being erected for the afflicted on the south end, and riders dispatched to secure a vaccine.
" Maybe you should add there, "They're already probably on their way back.
" Excuse me.
"'The Pioneer' has been assured of their imminent return.
" That's catchier.
"Thanks also to the aforementioned merchants, the vaccine will be distributed gratis.
" Free gratis.
Free gratis is a redundancy.
Does that mean repeats itself? Then leave gratis out.
What luck for me, Al, that you have such a keen editorial sense.
Free.
Distributed free.
Period.
It will take me some time to reset the type.
Yeah, hurry up.
Excuse me.
Al.
Thanks for not putting the stink on me before with the others over that Fort Carney business.
Sure.
I'm back.
Your room has been re-rented! Fuck you and fuck the rooms you rent.
I'm calling on the widow and the little one in her care.
And if I was you, or any cocksucker with you, I wouldn't try to stop me.
- Be brief.
- Be fucked! Her gutter mouth and the widow in an opium stupor.
A conversation for the ages.
Hey, fuck-nut! What you got in that suitcase? Millinery samples.
If it concerns you at all.
Millinery samples, ain't that just perfect! Some women take the trouble to make a decent appearance.
Well, for your information, Mr.
Millinery- Sample-Suitcase cocksucker, you're staying in the former room of someone you ain't fit to lick the boots of! Wild Bill Hickok.
I paid $2 a day extra.
Had you any connection to Wild Bill? Good luck with your fucking day selling hats.
It's Jane! Oh my God.
Hello, Jane.
Look at you.
Listen to you.
Oh my God in heaven.
I'm Trixie.
I think I've seen you.
At The Gem.
Yeah.
Maybe that's where.
You look like shit.
Oh, owe you a penny.
I'm better.
I was so sorry to hear about Mr.
Hickok.
Yeah.
You oughtta get your husband outta that creek.
As soon as I feel just a little better.
Anyways, I'm glad to see this little one in good condition and talking, to boot.
Come see her all the time.
Nah, I'm fucking drunk.
I might be seeing to sick people.
But I'm gonna keep this exact recollection of your lovely mug.
And put a penny aside every time I curse.
And that is my promise to you, and me too.
We'll see each other again down the road.
- Gentlemen - Well, let's see it.
Or should I say, my fellow authors? I'm done in there! Where would the Doc have got to? South end of Chinaman's Alley.
They'll get me there.
I think maybe it should have a question mark.
"The Plague in Deadwood?" The type is set.
You're reading the definitive edition.
Let's run it.
Nice working with you.
Take him right over here.
It's all right to breathe, just turn your head away from him.
Okay, Doc.
All right.
Roll him over on his side.
Turn him back this way.
That's it.
All right, thank you, fellas.
Bye, Doc.
It's all right, son.
It's going to be all right.
Hey! Hey, somebody! Are you sure you're up to this? Oh yes.
I'm right where I'm supposed to be.
Here's another one for you.
So I see.
You already been exposed, you wanna follow him in? I might.
"'The Pioneer' was assured of their imminent return.
" I'll believe it when I see it.
"Lmminent return" is one of my contributions to the fucking article.
The idea for that phrase.
"Pest tent being erected at the south" What about that fucking Tolliver buying up property on the Q.
T.
, huh? We're lucky he was struggling with the shit when he made the offer to loan out the lot.
Nonetheless, it says the man sees the possibilities of the things.
I mean, to come up at this fucking juncture with the idea of creating an emporium for the fucking Chinks takes brass fucking balls, and a long-term vision for the future.
Merrick.
Merrick wanted to put here "gratis.
" Now is the idea to inform your reader or make him feel like a fucking dunce? I had him put "free.
" Don't see why he doesn't have news of the baseball.
That new league started a team in Chicago.
Different path taken at certain forks in the road, who knows what kind of a joint we'd be in now? Of course, truth is, as a base of operations, you cannot beat a fucking saloon.
Ah! d I'm taken down with the fever d d And it won't let me sleep d d I'm taken down with the fever d d And it won't let me sleep d d It was about 3:00 d d Before he would let me be d d I wish somebody d d Would come and drive my fever away d d I wish somebody d d Come drive my fever away d d This fever I'm havin' d d Sho' is in my way.
d

--- S01E07 ---
That's what McCall was ridin'.
All right.
Evening.
Evening back.
Look at that paint, Charlie.
I seen it.
I had a happy just like that.
Foundered.
Makes me miserable reminiscing on it.
Do you know the owner? If he'd sell the horse is what he really wants to know.
Well, I don't know if he'd sell.
But the fuckin' jerk's in that bunkhouse.
- Thank you.
- Evenin'.
Jack McCall.
I'm done.
I don't wanna play no more.
Bein' a loudmouth cunt, I guess some time since he's been here, this fella who don't wanna play no more probably spoke of killin' Wild Bill Hickok.
Well, we're Bill Hickok's friends.
- I'm Seth Bullock.
- I'm Charlie Utter.
And if you got your head blown off sittin' here with your back turned, that'd be as fair a play as you gave him.
Guess you wanna soften him up some before you make your offer? My plan is to take him to Yankton for trial.
If you got a different idea, you can ride ahead.
Nah.
Let's take the cocksucker to Yankton.
I don't know of a Henry Anderson in camp, but that don't mean there ain't.
This was took of him in the Union Army.
He'd be 12 years older now.
Could you let her hold it? With so much showing, it's pretty near fallin' apart.
Here.
Third from the middle.
Right uh right there? Yeah.
That face don't don't look familiar.
Thanks for lookin'.
You definite he's in these hills? Wrote from Bismarck, said he'd send for us when he got set up.
I just gotta say it's no guarantee your dad's anywhere near this area.
And there's no fuckin' joy in me telling you that, but it's the goddamned truth and the way human beings are.
- Said he'd send for our mother and us.
- Is your mama here? She passed.
Sorry.
Well, good luck.
Do you know of of work for me? - No.
- She can get work right here.
- No, sir.
- No, thank you.
- Can you push a broom? - And I could start now.
Four bits a day.
I bet you'd like the first in advance.
If you wouldn't mind.
Same for her, as regrets for me being such a ruffian.
Here you go, honey.
If I don't fire him first, you can pick him up at 10:00.
Thank you, sir.
I'll wait for you, Miles.
Find a safe place to wait, you hear? We teach a special sweepin' technique here.
Follow her lead.
It's all right, son.
It's all right.
Um excuse me.
I'm required to be at the graveyard.
The Widow Garret is laying her husband to rest.
I'd have bet a month's wages that burial would've took place in New York City, if I had a fuckin' payin' job.
The uh wet cloth to his lips seems to give him some relief.
- All right.
- Thank you.
What do you think of my patient, Doc? You might wanna steer clear of his reflection for a while, but you're symptom-free.
You ain't contagious no more and you can't get re-infected, so Them as heals under my care stay fuckin' healed.
Thanks, Doc.
I got clothes for you back here.
Hereafter in Calamity, I'll be sure to call for Jane.
You gonna stick around the camp? I believe I will for a while.
Good, 'cause I wanna monitor your activities, find out what you do that weighs so heavy on your conscience.
When I first come on you in the woods, all you could say was, "I apologize.
" Before you exhibit your Johnson, I'm gonna see to this fella.
So long.
Good luck to you.
- Good luck to you.
- All right.
- You're on your own for alterations.
- Hmm.
Now I'm gonna lay this cloth on your fuckin' lips.
There's Mr.
Star to collect us.
Mr.
Star has been ever so attentive.
- Very considerate.
- To you.
When we leave the hotel, my boss will be watchin'.
Shall I reel and stagger? I I know the risk lying to him has put you to.
I've I can't imagine why I'd make it the subject of humor.
You're feeling better.
- Am I early? - Good morning, Mr.
Star.
I'll be ready in just a moment.
- I can have a cup of coffee downstairs.
- No, not at all.
Wait, wait in here, with Trixie.
I'll just be a moment.
That widow ain't high.
Maybe waiting till after the service.
When she'd wanna get good and fucking loaded is before the fucking service, against all the fucking carrying on.
- What do you think? - Makes sense.
Meaning all that whore's been telling me the last 10 fucking days about seeing the widow taking the dope, and your own fucking assurances, you verify that she's loaded personally you're both full of shit.
I checked in on the woman daily.
If I was fooled, perhaps I've chosen simplemindedness, Al, over realizing a certain friend has used me as an instrument of purposes he concealed.
Say what you're gonna say, or prepare for eternal fucking silence.
I don't believe you commissioned me to make an offer on the widow's claim to keep the regulators off you, Al.
I think someone found something out there you want.
Assume you ain't been privy to the ins and outs of that matter for the sake of fucking conversation, huh? I mean, was I asleep, E.
B.
, when you and me declared undying loyalty and full faith mutual disclosure about every fucking detail of every fucking move - we were ever gonna make together? - You used me as a pawn, Al.
And you fucked up the game is the central fucking present issue.
We agreed on 2,000.
You want a fucking percentage instead? Is that such an inconceivable proposition? - Yeah, you got a percentage, E.
B.
- How big? half a percent after.
You wanna feel a damp palm, Al, select either of these hands.
Just get to the funeral, E.
B.
Go to 20 if you have to.
Just get that fucking claim.
My word.
What a handsome man.
Wish I could tell you I recognize him.
Thank you anyway.
- Your dad, I expect.
- Yes.
You have reason to think he's out here? He wrote us from Bismarck he'd be prospecting the hills.
- "Us" being? - My brother.
He just got work over here.
Good for him.
So it's just the two of you? Our mother passed, why we come from Buffalo.
- You're out here looking for your dad.
- Yes.
- Uh, Henry? - Yes.
Out here looking for her father, Eddie.
Her and her older brother.
Got a photograph, I don't I don't recognize the likeness.
No.
- Henry Anderson? - Yes.
- Yeah, I don't recognize him.
- Mm.
What are you gonna do while your brother works? Work too, while we're looking to set aside, if we have to move on.
Ah, if Dad doesn't turn up here.
Yeah, what do you do? Cook, clean, sew, sweep.
Uh-huh.
- How quick do you learn? - Guess I learn pretty quick.
Maestro.
We are strangers and sojourners.
Mr.
Garret's burial place is a great distance from New York City.
But his heart Ingrid Marta.
- And on the great day - Mama.
- His Father will take him into it.
- Papa.
As He will all who confess His Son savior from wherever we may be put to rest.
Our hymn is "A Mighty Fortress.
" d A mighty fortress is our God d d A bulwark never failing d - My sympathies, madam, - d Our helper d but, my own requirements force me to ignore what's seemly.
I must decide where to place my capital.
Might raising my offer to say, $19,500, uh, prompt you to an immediate answer? - No, Mr.
Farnum.
- d Doth seek to work us woe d d Lord Sabbath, His name d - d His craft and power d - I would as soon not see Bill now.
I'll see him some other time.
Come on.
d On earth is not His equal d I will require a decision within 24 hours Please, stop speaking to me, Mr.
Farnum.
d Did we in our own strength confide d d Our striving would be losing d d Were not the right man by our side d d The man of God's own choosing.
d I hope you ain't gived up on that little runt of a girl, Al.
Oh, do you worry for her, Dan? Wandering the muck of our thoroughfare, her tiny self all but swallowed up in horseshit? Hey, kid! Come here.
- Yes, sir? - Stand with us here a second.
What are what are we doing? Waiting.
And out the door he'll go, and prompt as a Swiss fucking timepiece three big-tittied whores will now emerge from behind that screen.
He lines 'em up at two-foot intervals, smock tops down, and all but sprints past 'em, giving their titties a lick.
And if he misses a titty, does not let himself retrace his steps.
- Don't tell me.
- Yeah, then he goes on his way home, relieved for the day.
What's your name? It's Miles, huh? - Miles, yeah.
- Yeah.
Strange, huh, Miles? But something you gotta know about specialists.
They pay a premium and they never cause fucking trouble.
I sometimes imagine in my declining years running a small joint in Manchester, England, catering to specialists exclusive.
And to let 'em know they're amongst their own, I'll operate from the corner, hanging upside down like a fucking bat, hmm? - We're not such bad sorts here, huh? - No, sir.
So do you wanna ask your sister if she'd like to reconsider, hmm? - You don't really mean that.
- Of course I don't mean it.
How dare you suggest I'd mean a thing like that, huh? I did my part.
Raised our offer to 20 and demanded answer within the day.
But what, you cocksucker? Complications have ensued: Bullock's come back.
I expect she'll wanna take counsel with him.
Tell the whore I wanna see her.
And I trust this doesn't alter our agreement.
I trust you know That fella from Montana I knew to trust won't be able to assay your claim.
I see.
We'll engage someone local, and I'll keep an eye on him.
As I've decided to stay in camp, Mr.
Bullock, at least for the near term, I hope you'll feel absolved of those responsibilities towards my interest that you undertook at Mr.
Hickok's request.
I prefer to see 'em through.
They're properly mine.
I even feel marginally capable of shouldering them and I certainly realize that you and Mr.
Star have responsibilities of your own.
Are you firing me, Mrs.
Garret? I'm offering you absolution.
Otherwise I'm staying on.
I'm so sorry you were hurt.
So, how hard are they coming at you to sell? I could confide that in an effort to blur my judgment, Mr.
Swearengen engaged intermediaries to indulge me with opium.
But that would entail acknowledging that I've had a weakness in that direction.
Uh more appropriately, uh, I could add at the graveyard Mr.
Farnum raised his offer $7,500, presumably also on Mr.
Swearengen's instruction, and set a 24-hour limit to my reply.
Under the circumstances, I'd say that's coming pretty hard.
Please forgive me for making you uncomfortable, Mr.
Bullock.
I had better manners before I began to abstain.
That's all right.
Anyways, are you at risk for the smallpox? I was inoculated in New York City.
The child whose life you saved presumably has not been, but I assume she's safer under my care than traveling in a covered wagon with strangers.
Anyways, I'll line up the assayer.
Thank you.
You are changed.
You seem to be too.
Our stock's depleted, but we are offering a 100% discount on any item that catches your eye.
I've got money.
Our special get- acquainted-with-those- we'd-like-to-get- acquainted-with sale.
Mr.
Utter.
I brought these pickaxes for you to sell.
There's two sifters on that black cayuse out there.
Mighty grateful, sir.
You got this place just about built, don't you? Saving the last master-strokes for Seth.
Oh, hello.
I didn't see you.
Hello.
Hey, that's that little girl, isn't it? Taking care of her for Mrs.
Garret.
As much as she favors you, she could be yours.
I lost the receipts for my costs.
Maybe while you was busy saving my partner's life.
Let me get these sifters for you.
See if you can make those accounts add up.
I don't know if you heard me inside thanking you for helping my friend.
I heard you.
It's all right.
I'm sorry you lost yours.
All right.
Thank you.
Welcome back, Mr.
Utter.
We've had a mild increase in rates, but I do have a room available.
I'll see.
What do you want, Mr.
Farnum? I have a message for Trixie that's looking to that orphan child.
- She's to see her longer-term employer.
- I'll tell her.
You know who that is? I know she works at The Gem.
And even so, admit her to your trade at public hours.
Congratulations, sir, on your advanced thinking.
Al wants you, Trixie.
Stickler for self-delivered messages.
Our dad ain't here.
I know it, even if my brother don't.
Maybe he never even tried to get here.
Or maybe he did try to get here and couldn't, maybe something happened to him.
There's so many ways it could be, Flora, it's not much point deciding which it was.
He'd never think that, though, my brother.
Must be how he needs to do.
I ain't a virgin if you wanna know that.
I had a boyfriend in Buffalo.
Well, was you upset to have to leave him? - What do you think? - I don't know.
I was upset.
At the same time he was a stupid son of a bitch.
And rough.
Here.
You can't tell my brother about him.
He'd make it back to Buffalo and shoot Lewis in the head.
All that way in defense of your virtue? That's more trouble than I ever took with it.
Cy.
Lazarus risen.
Look at you, you son of a gun.
Hello, Cy.
Good to see you, Andy.
Don't be afraid to shake with me, Eddie.
I ain't contagious no more.
Highly becoming outfit.
I'm here for my belongings.
Look they're gone, Andy.
Measures to stop the spread.
Ah hell, the important thing is you're well.
I'll front you whatever you need.
Let's get something going, hmm? - Andy? - In the flesh, sweetheart.
- Which ain't much to look at.
- You made it, Andy.
Oh, and we ain't getting nothing going.
All I come back for, Cy, was my things, and you tossed them too.
Why don't you take this and get yourself outta that clown outfit? Once you've cooled off a little, think how you'd have done different when somebody showed up in the shape you was in and my responsibilities to meet.
Better than to throw him in the woods to fucking die? Then don't think about nothing, Andy.
Use the money for a whore and a toot and go join the fucking circus.
Did you turn her out? Her brother's gonna be a problem.
Fuck her brother.
We'll handle the brother if we have to kill the cocksucker.
That's an interesting piece of strange.
Ain't you a picture? - What is it? - Hmm? Oh, am I detaining you in some way? Am I fucking imposing? Mrs.
Garret's to sit down with Bullock.
I thought you'd want me over there.
Oh yeah, so you can bring me a full and fair report, huh? But will the widow have her wits about her, Trixie, huh? Or will they be passing the opium pipe like heathens between 'em, her and fucking Bullock, hmm? - What're you pissed off for? - I ain't pissed off.
I'm in fucking wonderment.
I'm waiting to be kept happy by the next fucking fairy tale.
Do you want me back at the hotel or do you wanna do something to me? Now why would I want you to go back there, huh? Or rely on anything you said transpired after you lied about her taking dope, huh? Her being high wasn't gonna have nothing to do with whether or not she sold you that claim, and she wanted to get off the dope.
And that little one needs someone to care for her and maybe get her the fuck outta here.
And I knew it wasn't gonna be me.
So you want me back over there and to tell you what they fucking decide? Or do you wanna rip my fucking guts out? You get back there quick.
Don't kid yourself, Trixie.
Don't get a mistaken idea.
Mr.
Utter.
This is where Bill got killed, huh? Uh I'll be sorry about that for as long as I live.
Can you tell me about it? Yeah.
It it was about sun-up over at that Bella Union joint, Mr.
Hickok plum gutted McCall at draw.
And now here Mr.
Hickok was at poker again.
Say a couple hours of daylight left and in come that coward McCall.
Walked up on him and shot him in the head.
Bill never know when he come in.
Uh, those of us that did, we didn't have no inkling of what he intended.
He just murdered him, right where he sat.
If I may, sir This is here where Wild Bill was sitting when McCall entered from the front, approached the table, causing no apprehension 'cause he had often frequented the game.
Of a sudden, McCall produced a revolver and shouting "Take that, damn you!" He fired.
Muzzle couldn't have been three inches from Wild Bill's head.
Now I'm told that Hickok fell dead immediately, but I won't testify to it, because the bullet, after it passed through Wild Bill's brain, struck me in my right wrist, and I lost several seconds to pain before regaining my senses.
Sir, you have my word as eyewitness to the rest, and I suppose this wound as added proof for the doctors they feared crippled me in the hand I use to write.
I will take the murderer's bullet to my grave.
Thanks.
Aces over eights, as I just now recall.
That is the hand that Wild Bill had.
Sure, Captain.
Sure.
You like how that falls? Sure.
- Do you like it, Flora? - Why not? I'd prefer you happy, honey, but if you can't be, you need to pretend at it better than you're doing or you're gonna be hungry and cold and getting done to you for nothing outside what you'd have made money to live on and save up besides if you acted the part in here.
I thought I only had to act it with them that wanna stick it in me.
You never know who that might be, Flora.
There you go.
I prefer you happy.
Or at least pretending better? I think he's dead, Doc.
Could you tell the litter bearers not to make so much of getting this one outta here? - Has young Joey gone to dust? - Yeah.
As flesh must, to be restored by the Savior's return.
Oh, Mr.
Bullock is back among us, and also, also Mr.
Utter.
Does Charlie know about Bill? They were together, Mr.
Bullock and he.
They'd captured Jack McCall.
I hope that's only the beginning of what they fucking did to him.
- Gave him over to federal authorities.
- Gave him over? - Rendered unto Caesar.
- Jesus Christ.
Mr Mr.
Bullock was struck by an Indian's axe.
Marked like the first-born of Adam and Eve.
- Are you drunk? - No.
- What the fuck is that? - He's all right.
All right, Reverend.
All right, Reverend.
All right.
You're all right, Reverend.
All right.
He marks us sinful and forgiven by confession.
All right.
He has told us and shown us.
He has told me.
All right.
You listen to me now, Reverend.
You are goddamn exhausted, and you give yourself no respite.
These seizures may owe something to that, but it also wouldn't surprise me if you had a lesion in your goddamn head, and that's what's giving you the seizures and generating your chats with the goddamn divinity.
No goddamn offense intended.
- None taken, sir.
- Now get outta here, - and get yourself some rest! - Go on, Reverend.
Doc's tired too, the only reason he's talking so fucking harsh.
Could not the lesion be the instrument of God's instructive intention, Doctor, if I am so afflicted? Well, of course it could, His ways not being ours and so forth.
But could He not, Reverend, just want you getting out of here and getting yourself some goddamn rest? - You have to go now.
- We don't have to do nothing, I'd pay the same price just to sit with you.
My brother works in this place up here, and he keeps a hard watch.
If you wanna stick it in me tomorrow, you better let me go in by myself.
- What time are you gonna start? - 11:00, I guess.
I'll be receiving around noon.
All right, Flora.
Here's a dollar anyway.
You're swell.
Evening.
Evening, miss.
- You're early.
- Yes.
- I guess no luck finding your dad.
- No, no luck.
I knew you would've had a cheerier look on your face if you had.
Let me get you a place to sit away from these rough sons of bitches.
Hey! Do your drinking at the bar or get the fuck out of here! You have a seat here.
I'll get you a beverage.
Do you want a soft cider or a sarsaparilla? - Cider if it's not a trouble.
- Soft cider.
Did she find her dad? Her chances of finding her dad are greater than yours of walking out of this door upright, unless you shut your fucking mouth.
You got it? Swearengen's had his hand on the tiller far as getting dealing with this epidemic.
Is that so? Yeah, the dead don't drink or chase women must be his thinking on that subject.
That Indian fought like hell.
I'd guess you did too.
Charlie figured out how it must have been.
The Indian had to kill me for coming on the burial place, and maybe it had been me, too, that killed his friend, cut his friend's head off so he wouldn't have eyes to see the sunset all those years he'd be lying there dead.
So he had to kill me for that too.
And he couldn't before he'd laid hands on me or the killing wouldn't be honorable.
We fought like fucking hell, I'll tell you that much, and I never once had the upper-hand.
It just happened out the way it happened out.
He was just trying to live, same as me, and do honor to his friend, and make some fucking sense out of things.
And we wind up that way, and I wind up after beating him till I couldn't recognize his face.
For Christ's sake! That Indian saved Jack McCall's life, - I'll tell you that fucking much.
- Not for long.
Brian MacDonald's not coming.
I want his recommendation who should assay that widow's claim.
- Whose? - Swearengen's.
Shit, Seth.
Get his opinion, too, who should guard that henhouse we're gonna build.
So are you okay? - Yes, and you? - Yes.
They're nice here.
And Mr.
Swearengen, he's funny as all get-out.
So what place would make a better score? Where I'm working.
But why not take 'em both? - Could we have a private talk? - Sure we can.
- Should I be armed? - Where do you wanna talk? Come here.
What do you think of that? I think that son of a bitch better stop looking evil at that little girl.
So was it McCall improved your appearance? No.
Whoever got the job done, I hope you gave as good as you got.
It's good to have you back, with me being superstitious and all hell breaking loose when you left.
I'm here to talk about Mrs.
Garret.
They planted her husband this morning? I wrote a man about coming to assay her claim, - but he can't make it.
- Plenty of local alternatives.
I want you to nominate someone.
Do you? So if any way his work was mistaken, I'd be coming after you.
- You would? - Yeah.
Since I got nothing to do with the venture, what if I decline to make the recommendation? Then you better hope whoever I find does his job right, 'cause I'm still holding you accountable.
I ain't involved.
E.
B.
Farnum offered on her claim.
Farnum's your water-boy and I know what you've been trying to do to her.
So here you come in all nobility threatening me with a dire result if the property of that widow's husband thought worthless from when it sold, turns out not to be pinched out.
You and I know how it is, Mr.
Swearengen.
- How what is? - She gets a square shake, or I come for you.
What if I come for you? Are you ready for that? I guess I'd better be.
Then close your fucking store, 'cause being ready for me will take care of your waking hours and you better have someone to hand the task off to when you close your eyes.
We understand each other.
Al! Al! Jesus fucking Christ! Walk right past me, Your Holiness, so I can shut my fucking office.
Al! Go on! Stare at her now! Huh? You like fucking little girls? Take a look at that little girl 'cause she's the last thing you're ever gonna see.
- Stare at her now, cocksucker.
- Let him down! Let him fucking down! Or should I have had him hold him up? You heard what I said about the widow.
Oh yes, Your Holiness.
You heard me too.
So I take it this was a fair fucking fight, yeah? Yeah! That's right! Two free drinks for everybody.
And drinks all night for them that help with the disposal.
That's me! I'm sorry that you had to see that.
Shut the fuck up, Dan, and get her the fuck away from here now! Come on.
I'm sorry, Mr.
Swearengen.
I warned him not to look at her.
I warned him.
Fucking pussy.
That Joey passed this afternoon.
Been suffering awful.
But that frog-looking fellow left the tent that I found up in the woods, left the tent fucking cure pronounced by the Doc himself.
And in the dumbest looking outfit a grown man ever wore.
Who's there, God damn it?! Who the hell's it look like? How the fuck do I know who it fucking looks like? It's dark! Jesus Christ, come upon a person unawares in a fucking graveyard! I heard you was back in the camp.
I heard you and that Bullock got the cocksucker did for Bill.
Was Bill dead by the time you saw him? Yeah, he was already dead.
Why did he let that son of a bitch get to him? I don't know, Charlie.
Anyways, people don't scare me past speaking, I come up here nights tell him the fucking news.
Go ahead.
Charlie avenged your fucking murder.
And that Bullock fella was with me that you seemed to like.
Although it occurred to me to wonder why they didn't do for the cocksucker right on the fucking spot.
Is that something we need to get into in front of him? You got the biggest mouth in the territory.
You talk to him.
Tell him whatever you want.
I got that mail route in Cheyenne that we talked about.
I was bringing back supplies to them hardware boys and I run into that Bullock fella.
He was out there looking for that McCall that that killed you.
And he run into some heathen boy and he had one hell of a fight.
Boy, and he just he got he got f he got f-f Fuck.
Can l can I tell him some more tomorrow? Sure, what the fuck you asking me for? I don't make the rules.
Wanna go back to the camp? Please.
And what must Mr.
Bullock have been thinking as I inflicted my personal confidences upon him? - I don't know.
- Nor do I.
At least he kept a decent privacy.
I have to go back to The Gem.
He's waiting for me now to tell him yours and Mr.
Bullock's thinking about selling the claim, and I won't be able to lie anymore.
Next I tell will be my last.
So I better just get back there.
Mr.
Swearengen discovered our deception? - Yeah.
- How? - Looking at you walk out of the hotel.
- He did not.
I was careful to see he wasn't watching in the window.
It don't matter, Mrs.
Garret.
The point is, I gotta go back.
And you need someone to look to this child, and with choices bigger elsewhere and nothing I can tell to hold you here, maybe you better think about selling and getting out.
Would you wanna take the girl and go? Where? - I have no people anywhere.
- You could go to New York.
L- I could have my relatives there see you established.
What the fuck? What would keep you here? You wanna fuck this man? Fuck him, then think about the child Don't use that language with me, Trixie, or that tone Don't you wanna say to remember my place? I do, you rich cunt.
And I'm going back to it.
She's about to say her name, you know.
She named her sisters and her folks.
Think of selling.
If you took her away, you could hear her say it.
d Old friend d d All the stories to tell d d Old friend d d Could you bid me farewell? d d Ooh, old friend d d It might be easy for another man to see d d Old fool d d All the pain and the scars d d Old fool d d Could you lay down your arms? d d Old fool d d It might be easy for another man to see d d But I think you still look a lot like me.
d

--- S01E08 ---
You might, Dan, want to learn how to indicate interest in a girl other than murdering another person.
I apologize for the disruption and the free drinks you had to give out restoring order.
Jesus Christ, it's false dawn, Al.
False dawn already.
If we're gonna act, we should do it in darkness.
Where's the fucking whore? Wherever Trixie is, we know what we need to.
Bullock's four square behind the New York woman.
The question's do we act? And to me, the course is clear.
Well, what's the course? Murder them where they sleep! The New York woman and Bullock both.
Dan, loan E.
B.
Your knife.
Nah, I won't brandish the knife, but I'll wield a passkey at the widow's door.
As for Bullock, he sleeps on his store's second floor, and I'll steady a ladder, Dan, at that wall, while you climb up and bushwhack him.
Then, with them dead and disposed of, we forge a predated bill of sale, take possession of the claim with the allocated percentages of ownership previously agreed to in our internal discussions, and don't spend a fucking dollar in the process.
Bold? I suppose.
But when boldness is called for, bold men do not shrink.
That's what the B in E.
B.
Farnum stands for.
- Bold.
- You're goddamn right.
Say it, Al.
Say the fucking words my bones already know.
You're gonna back off on that fucking claim.
We brung it, sir.
Vaccine for the smallpox, secured in Cheyenne.
Well done, fellas, and congratulations on the entire fucking settlement.
E.
B.
, get downstairs and give these heroes what they're owed.
- Yes, sir.
$50 a man.
- If you don't spend it in my joint, I'll turn the mourning over to weeping.
You won't shed nary a tear on our account, Mr.
Swearengen.
Vaccine to Doc Cochran in the pest tent.
We'll be toasting the treaty, too, with the fucking heathens.
- Explain yourself.
- They've all been called back to the agency.
We heard that in Cheyenne.
- Are they going's the fucking question.
- Fuck yeah, they are.
That's the word in Cheyenne.
Red Cloud and Spotted Tail are leading their people in.
Dan, $10 in bonus credits across the board for these heroes.
God bless you, Mr.
Swearengen! Well, not likely, but my short-term prospects just improved.
Say the words, so I can let the dream die.
E.
B.
, did you not hear the fucking news? Did you not listen to the fucking news? That plague's end's in prospect.
And so's peace with the fucking dirt worshippers.
Come here, come here.
Sit down.
The dam has broken, young man, and only ourselves can fuck up, for we are about to be swimming in money.
And how could we fuck up? By engaging in open fucking bloodletting.
And right here at hand in our very hour of need is the priggish fucking douche bag, Bullock, who only wants to sell pots and pans, fan his pretty face and hold his nose from the stench of our sordid carryings on over here, all the time thinking he can protect the meek and innocent.
The perfect fucking front man.
And you want to kill him? Much as we might want the widow's claim, it's a luxury now to forego.
E.
B.
, find yourself somewhere to lie down till the feeling passes, huh? First, I'll go give the hoople heads their money.
Thank you.
You go find that fucking whore.
What the fuck is this, huh? I lost my voice.
- What happened? - I seen something bad.
Come in.
Here, sit down.
I seen something at the place my brother works.
A man was stabbed and killed right in front of me.
One man said he didn't like the way the other man was looking at me, and he stabbed and killed him.
Drink this.
Where's your brother now? We got a room.
I'll go in a minute.
It's all right, Flora.
I've just come to say I don't know if I can do this.
It's horrible.
It's one thing leads to another and you never know when it's gonna happen.
Mostly you can steer it, sweetheart, and when it's gonna get to where you can't, you get just a little notice, just a couple of seconds before the one thing turns into the other.
It's like a funny smell comes into the air, then you know there's no more steering and get the hell out of the way.
I smelled it in the saloon.
And did you get out of the way in time? It's all right.
It's all right.
Miles doesn't know nothing.
He didn't smell nothing and he didn't know nothing about what to do.
All right, I know.
Can I stay? Can I sleep here with you just this last little while before we have to get up? Yeah, you can sleep here with me.
Can you help? - Name? - Boland.
Make your mark.
Saint Andy Cramed.
All that's missing are the scourges and flays.
Maybe they're under his shirt.
Kind of you to let us work out of the horseshit and flies.
Sure.
Jesus Christ! Have you seen Trixie, Doc? What? Trixie.
No, tea and honey.
- For this? - You are a stupid son of a bitch.
Yeah, the traffic's a boon, Seth.
We're up $27 already from yesterday's entire proceeds.
Good.
Pitiful specimen you are.
It wasn't a pinprick.
I ain't ate.
Really? Strange you never keeled over when we was hungry on the fucking trail.
Your boss speak to you about sending me an assayer this morning? No, sir, he didn't.
I will remind him once I finish his errands.
I only got one place left to look: Bella Union that's our competition.
Well, I'll tell him what you said.
Good morning.
Good morning, Mr.
Bullock.
Come to have the child inoculated? Yes, and to tell you, for reasons we needn't explore, that my plans have changed.
As soon as I can arrange transportation I'll return with the child to New York City.
Why needn't we explore your reasons? Because, Mr.
Bullock, I've already quite sufficiently imposed upon you my private reasons and facts.
As regards to the claim my husband purchased before his murder, I'm inclined to accept the last bid from Mr.
Swearengen's hand-puppet and I would be very grateful if you would tell Mr.
Farnum so, as speaking to him directly makes me ill.
I'm gonna assay your claim, Mrs.
Garret.
I promised Mr.
Hickok, and I promised you.
I released you from your promise to me yesterday.
And today I instruct you not to keep it.
You do tend to change your mind, and the first promise, you weren't a party to.
Why don't you get the child inoculated? I'll go about my business, and we'll revisit the whole mess subsequently.
Don't fucking lead Ellsworth right to it so he can hoot and holler and hail fucking Bullock.
You walk around.
You're discouraged.
It's not even worth it to make the steep ascent.
I start from below? You start at the fucking creek.
What, do you want to start at the cliff? The three of you leap the fuck off holding hands? Top o' the mornin'.
I'm to lead you to the Widow Garret's claim.
- You're the assayer? - Nope.
- I'm to take you to him.
- He's one claim over.
Nice fucking guy and a dead eye for the fucking color.
- Ellsworth.
- Ellsworth is absolutely right.
Well, come on.
I was inoculated some time ago, but I thought she should be treated before our trip.
I am delighted you're taking her with you.
It was Trixie who made me realize that my reasons for staying weren't sound.
Glad she succeeded where I failed.
I intend to write her a note of profound thanks.
I hope that you'll deliver it to her at Mr.
Swearengen's saloon.
Is that where she went when she left you? Yes, I certainly assume so.
Sorry, I'm sorry, honey.
It's all over.
When will you be leavin'? As quickly as is practical.
Mr Utter can see to your travel arrangements.
Soon as he gets his wits back, I'll send him to you.
Thank you, Doctor.
Thank you for everything.
What did she say about Trixie? Nothin'.
How'd you do with that bloodstain? I scrubbed it real hard.
Did I ask you how hard you fuckin' scrubbed? - No.
- No.
I asked if you got it out.
Get me the fuckin' scrub brush.
Every fuckin' thing I gotta do myself, huh? - Where is she?! - Trixie? No, Queen fuckin' Victoria.
Last I saw her was yesterday when she came to see you.
Just get me the fuckin' scrub brush.
Gives her word she'll return.
Where the fuck is she, huh? What'd she say to you when you saw her? She said her pussy hurt where you grabbed it.
That has a ring of fuckin' truth.
She said you nearly killed her.
She said to me she'd be right back.
A fool's fucking errand, anyway.
I found out what I needed to know when I looked in that cocksucker Bullock's eyes while Dority was spilling blood that you have failed to adequately clean up.
You want me to do some more? No, shut the fuck up.
Now, what's she doin'? She makin' a point? No grabbing at the cunt? - Is that what she said to you? - No.
I mean, y-you she told you, right, that I grabbed her? Did she have an attitude about it? She didn't have an attitude.
She just said her pussy hurt.
Agh.
Point's made with the snatch grabs, okay.
I should be paying attention to, rosiest prospects of my career, and here I am on my fucking hands and knees discussing snippets of information with a gimp.
There! Now that's how you scrub a fucking bloodstain! I couldn't find Trixie.
You see her, you send her the fuck back to me, 'cause if I see her outside, she'll wish I had killed her before.
That shot didn't hurt too bad, Al, but it fuckin' itches.
Yeah? Good.
You had your shot yet, kid? Not yet.
The line was too long, and I did not want to be late for work.
Open for business and talk like him - until further instructed.
- Yes, sir.
Aw, Jesus.
Trixie? God damn it, Trixie, wake up.
Wake up, Trixie.
- Trixie, wake up - Doc! Doc! - What?! - Doc! - Stay the fuck over there! - It's A.
W.
, Doc.
Stay the fuck over there, anyway.
Aw, I don't take your bad temper personally, Doc.
The hours you're working would try a saint.
What do you want? I'm in pain, Doc, in the small of my back, which I'm aware is a precursor symptom.
- When did the pain start? - Am I warm? Answer the question.
Well, it's become more concentrated and severe.
- Why did you strike me? - To secure your attention.
When did the pain start? The original pain I've lived with for quite some time, but in this last period, it's become much more concentrated and severe.
In viewing the context of this outbreak, I knew I should consult you.
- Ow.
- Well, you don't have a fever.
- I don't? - No.
You put on weight? May I ask that query's relevance? It's harder on your back as you get fatter.
So, in concert with the symptoms I'm already exhibiting, you'd say be alert for fever? And work hard on your paper.
- And get yourself inoculated.
- Uh-huh.
And try to eat less.
You botched this job pretty good, didn't you, young lady? Now you listen to me, if you want, I will do the job for you right.
But first, I want you to know that that rich woman is leaving town, and she told me that she would take you with her.
I know that you thought enough of that woman to help her get off this stuff you tried to use to kill yourself with.
But what I don't know is, is if you wanted to die, period, or 'cause you thought you didn't have a way out of here, 'cause you do have a way out.
Is that a vote for New York City? All right, then.
Morning, Mr.
Tolliver.
Good morning, Flora.
I swear I saw you leave last night after your shift.
I come back.
A man was murdered where my brother works, at The Gem Saloon, - and I got scared.
- You saw it, honey? Yes, sir.
I was there picking my brother up.
You're brave to even be in a joint like that.
And after, you sought refuge with Joanie, did you? - Yes, sir.
- No better port in a storm.
- Anyways, I'll go change.
- Good girl.
Good for you.
- You settle in real good, Flora.
- Thank you, sir.
Mm-mmm, Joanie Stubbs.
Is that a fresh scalp I see hangin' from your belt? She saw a gutting last night.
She was upset.
I held her.
I was watching for you at the door, Flora, but here you are already inside.
Not working yet, Terrance.
Poor thing.
Adjusting so smooth to losing her cherry and yet that upset by blood.
She lost her cherry back home.
I told you that.
Gonna put your garters on now? I'll give you $2 for that apple and a piece of cheese.
It's my knife.
You want to buy that? I've got a fucking knife.
I'll just be a second and take my brother his lunch.
Sure, honey.
Unless she ain't upset at all.
What happened now, Flora? I thought you was changin' into your garters.
You geek-looking fuck.
Get away from me before I cut your fucking heart out.
It's Dr.
Cochran.
Doctor.
Trixie tried to commit suicide with laudanum.
- My God.
- She punctured her vein.
That's the only reason why she's still alive.
Who's with her? No one at the goddamn moment is with her, Mrs.
Garret.
Her situation in this camp isn't such that that would be safe.
Which is why, while trying to dissuade her from future efforts at murdering herself, I told a fib, invoking your name and willingness to take her with you on your trip.
Last night, Doctor, I made that very offer to Trixie.
She refused.
More precisely, I offered to send Trixie to New York with the child to make the appropriate introductions to my family, and to pay to see them established.
Is it possible, Mrs.
Garret, that leaving this camp and heading to New York City in service to you and the child might, to a girl like Trixie, appear a more realistic proposition than being dispatched on some cruel masquerade? Please tell her she's welcome.
Tell her she's necessary.
If her indisposition doesn't preclude it, I'd be happy to tell her myself.
Thank you, madam.
If I'm to get my throat cut, Dan, I'd rather not exert myself further.
If I have any choice in the matter, I'd prefer one behind the ear.
Keep climbing, Ellsworth.
You're off the hook for seeing that New York dude's accident.
When Swearengen was moved to trust, I know you spoke for me hard.
Well, I didn't didn't speak against you.
You might try takin' a gander over to your right.
You don't have to tell me where to fucking look.
If you're the goddamn assayer, shouldn't I be following you? Head on back down, Mr.
Bullock.
We think we found a formation worth looking at.
Young lady, thank Christ.
I'd feared after the murder you'd shun us.
I come for lunch with Miles.
Well, bless you then for being a caring sister.
- Miles! - Sir? Miles, you lucky son of a bitch, your sister's here with your lunch.
She brought you a fresh apple and some kind of delicacy wrapped in swaddling.
I've been scrubbing that bloodstain all mornin', and the cripple has too.
Situate your sister to spare her to stand at that fucking stain, huh? - Let's do it.
- Now? - Now, and get the fuck outta here.
- What if Flora, if we do it slow and right, we're 50 miles gone before anyone knows we blew.
My boss is onto me.
Savvy operator from Chicago and you could tell he's on to you? Savvy enough that he didn't crack, and I still could fuckin' tell.
You're full of shit.
You want to do it fast and dirty so you have to cut somebody's throat.
- This joint you want to take? - Where I work.
- Where your boss is onto you? - I can move the dyke.
Held me in her arms all night like I was a little fucking kid.
Can I assume there's a fucking plan? Mr.
Bullock, what ho? Mrs.
Garret's room.
Number two.
Don't sell, Mrs.
Garret.
Darling um, I'm going to be unspeakably rude and leave you here alone for just a moment, while I go downstairs with Mr.
Bullock, who's just arrived with the most interesting news, and whom l I can't receive here in my room, particularly with you present, for reasons too boring and complex to explain.
So I'm going to go downstairs to speak with Mr.
Bullock in Mr.
Farnum's absurd restaurant, then I'll come back up and we will continue to ready our leaving.
All right, darling? I'll be in the restaurant for just one moment.
Can I bring you a glass of milk? All right.
I'll I'll be right back.
May I inquire as to the assay's outcome? - Ask the owner.
- Mrs.
Garret? Is the technical term "bonanza"? That's the look of it.
It's a bonanza, Mr.
Farnum.
I see.
Congratulations.
Does the find change your mind at all about New York City? I can't see why it would.
I can't, either, but I don't count.
Of course you count.
Why wouldn't you? 'Cause your changes of mind come so quick and often, I can't keep up.
I can't understand what changed your mind from yesterday when it was made up to stay.
I was made to understand last night that my reasons for wanting to stay have been completely selfish.
- By who? - Trixie.
I'd offered to send her to New York City with the child, where Trixie, I've since come to realize, would be completely unsuited.
And because I wished to stay here unencumbered when I should be caring for the child.
Why can't you care for her here? Where the fuck is he? Said he was gonna go tell the widow of her find.
How the fuck long does it take to tell her? I don't know, Al, I'm here with you.
- Are you getting smart with me now? - No.
Cocksucker Bullock.
When you can't stand the sight of him, he's nowhere but underfoot.
Sir, my sister was told of a man who resembles our father's photograph down by Lead, and I'd be grateful if this afternoon I could go look and maybe I could take a night shift to make up.
If I said no, I'd hope you'd walk out and go looking anyway, then seek a new job elsewhere after.
That is what I'd do, sir.
All right, kid.
Go look for him.
Tell Arnette at the livery stable I'll stand metal for the horse.
If your sister looks with you, tell Arnette I'm good for her mount.
So you think it's a good idea to go? It's why the fuck you're here, isn't it? Right.
I'm gonna go get the horses then.
Permission to leave the bar, trooper.
Thanks, to both of you.
Ah, struck rich for the widow, huh, Bullock? Free drink! Big, huh? Rich and fucking thick, that vein is? Not being expert, I can't guess at the extent.
Dan's a fucking expert.
When he's not shit-faced drunk, so is Ellsworth.
The immediate result is she won't be sellin'.
Of course, she fucking won't.
I should fucking think not, huh? Not for any $20,000 at least.
Come here.
Come drink with your vanquished foe.
Very good of you and Mr.
Star, incidentally, to make your venue available so the hoople heads can get vaccinated.
I was the second hoople head stuck.
Them riders that brought the vaccine, say the heathens have been called back to the agency.
In a spasm of good sense, they're fuckin' going.
I heard.
Before you know it, we'll have laws here and every other thing.
Yeah, which brings me, Bullock, to the matter of the widow.
I wanted to show you my bona fides for cooperation.
If a treaty is signed, be wise for you and me to paddle in the same direction.
Tics or habits of behavior either finds dislikable in the other gotta be overlooked or taken with a grain of salt.
Would your bona fides extend to Mrs.
Garret's future safety? My oath on this: Every day that the widow sits on her ass in New York City, looks west at sunset and thinks to herself, "God bless you ignorant cocksuckers in Deadwood, who strive mightily and at little money to add to my ever-increasing fortune," she'll be safe from the wiles of Al Swearengen.
She's stayin'.
The oath stands as a gesture to you.
- Can I take a shave over here? - Please.
Barney, be careful in the area of the throat, huh? If you authorized an offer of 20 on the widow's claim your agent was looking to skim a little cream.
- How high did E.
B.
Go? - $19,500.
I wouldn't trust a man that wouldn't try to steal a little.
Where's that fucking whore? You stay here, sweetheart.
I'm so very sorry for any part that I may have played in this.
I don't remember you being the one that made me a whore, Mrs.
Garret.
I'm going to stay in the camp with the child, Trixie.
Dr.
Cochran explained to me the difficulties your extraordinary kindness toward me has put you in, in relationship to Mr.
Swearengen.
If you wish to stay, I'd be so grateful if you'd stay with us.
But perhaps you want to go, Trixie.
If you do take this.
As your earnest claim on the future.
I'll send you more.
I appear to have struck it rich.
I'll send you all that you need.
Trixie? Trixie? Hello, sweetheart.
Don't I look tired? Sophia.
Sophia.
Sophia.
You're so beautiful.
I should've guessed it.
Take her home, Mrs.
Garret.
How do you take my suggestion? Are you sure that gold's real? Absolutely.
Uh, let me think things through.
All right.
- What's your name? - Elizabeth.
- I'm quittin'.
- All right, Flora.
I left a pin up in your room.
I wanna go look for it.
Go ahead and look.
When does the part come when that little piece of trim finally gets into her workin' clothes and starts makin' us some fuckin' money? She's quitting, Cy.
She's quitting? And that seems to be your room she's walkin' into yet again.
She lost a pin up there.
A pin? Can you tell the stones from the paste? Show me which is which.
I don't think so.
- Let me take it.
- Get outta here, Flora.
Put down my things and I'll let you get out without raising hell.
Why don't let me go with your things and shut your fucking mouth? Because I remind you of whoever the fuck I remind you of.
No.
Now what are you gonna do, Flora, kill me? - Maybe.
- Think you're gonna get out alive? I'll give it a goddamn whirl.
You're not gonna get out alive.
You're gonna die here.
Who am I? Your little baby? Your little sister? You? I wouldn't move this.
- Did you find your pin? - I did, sir.
Joanie tells me you're leaving us.
Can't take it anymore, sir.
Decided I wasn't cut out for it.
My brother too.
Decided he wasn't cut out for what? Sweeping up at The Gem Saloon.
I see.
My first take on your meaning was they were fucking your brother for money over there like you was gettin' done to here.
Step aside and let me do my business.
And what is your fuckin' business?! You with your beady little ferret eyes.
She came to say goodbye, Cy.
She's movin' on.
It don't feel right to me, babe.
But if I'm mistaken in my judgment, may I regret what I just did for the rest of my life.
Now let her go! You little cunt! You're gonna die here! Come on! Get outta here.
Get out.
Get out front.
Get around! They're goin' over the top! Come on.
Don't impede her progress, Joanie.
Don't do nothin' rash.
- What are you doing? - That's none of your business! Them two robbed my joint.
That's where they're gonna be dealt with.
I guess they needn't get beat anymore out here.
Take 'em the fuck inside, boys.
And you can help your delicate sensibilities by turning the fuck away.
Cy wants you up there, honey.
I tell you, your face come out of that in pretty good shape.
Matters took a happy turn, you could still probably work.
Come on in, honey, over here on what the dagos call my sinister side, although your beady little rat eyes don't seem like they're takin' in the view.
You bust somethin' up there, sweetheart?! Does that fuckin' hurt you?! You fuckin' understand me?! See, that upsets Joanie now.
"Oh, Cy, do up the boy.
My God, I can't stand to see the other.
" You want me to see to the boy, Joanie? 'Cause you know I'm clay in your hands.
- Cy.
- What is it, Eddie? We could all be elsewhere? Nothing but true.
Are you awake, Miles? Don't be fuckin' passin' out, youngster.
Next breath you draw, the smell of sulfur's liable to be strong in your nose.
Where is your fuckin' nose, anyway? Fuck it, Miles! You're found fuckin' guilty of bein' a cunt.
I'm hereby passin' judgment for your lettin' this bitch push you around and tellin' you what to do when you were supposed to be a man and showing her rules! You hear me, Miles? And for bein' the cunt you are now, before you could have been a man, done your fuckin' part, you little piece of shit.
I know you don't want out of here, Joanie.
- Don't hurt her, Cy.
- Don't hurt her? You mean before I kill her? Yes.
Listen to that, Flora.
That's the person you robbed, who had those kind of feelings for you.
But I'm the one you stabbed.
See? I think your fuckin' skull's broken, Flora.
You're trying for the knife.
It's maybe a foot to your left.
This is fuckin' pitiful.
Why don't you put that out of its misery? Don't do nothin'.
Whatever you want to do will be a mistake.
You keep drawin' breath right here.
You did everything you could, E.
B.
, to preserve our fuckin' interests.
I mean, you know, sometimes the cards go cold.
Far as the events at the Bella Union, by all accounts, it was two young thieves, a boy and a girl.
We all know who they are.
Who they are now is late night vittles for Wu's pigs.
That young girl had me fooled.
Your dick had you fooled.
And in that state of addlement, you mistook her purpose, her so-called brother's and their entire fucking cockeyed story.
You did do everything you could, didn't you, E.
B? You went to the limit on our offer.
- Everything humanly possible.
- You did go to the limit? Well, I went to the limit's precipice.
Sounds like you didn't go to the limit.
Al, I held back a few dollars, against some final unforeseen turn.
So we'll never know if them few dollars you held back wouldn't have made us both fucking rich.
I'm goin' up.
Find out how much Tolliver paid Wu.
Don't want to be suckin' hind tit on disposal fees.
Don't think I enjoyed that bullshit, Joanie.
Certain things you have to do to impress upon people what you're willing to do.
Do you like it? No.
Do you enjoy it? No.
Do you have to look like you do? Yes.
I got Eddie in there.
Gotta let him know.
Capra's downstairs, gonna hear about it.
When people come to rob you, Joanie, you gotta get rough.
If it looks like an act, it's not gonna work.
And then I grab your hand and I think, "My God, this poor fuckin' girl.
" But I did what I had to do in that room.
And now I'm out here.
I'm telling you, your happiness is important to me, and whatever the fuck I gotta do, if you're too much in my shadow, if I make things too tough on you, then we'll stop it.
- We're gonna do somethin' else.
- Cy.
You bring warmth into my life.
I can't bear to see you unhappy like this.
I want to set you up in your own business here.
Independent fuckin' operator.
I'll put up the money.
Any kind of interest in return, that's fine, but that ain't what this is about.
It'll be your place.
I want you to feel when I walk in there that you can say, "I'm busy, Cy.
Come back later.
" I want you to watch me turn around when you say that like I'm some rube trick with my chin down on the floor, "When should I try you again, Joanie?" "I'll let you know, Cy.
" That's how I want you to feel.
I used to make you warm, didn't I, Cy? And I could make you feel like something's funny.
You still do, honey.
When you're happy, you still do.
Kill me too, Cy, or let me go.
I understood myself to be sayin', Joanie, I want to find a way to give you a looser rein.
You've gotta figure out a way to mean it.
If you don't kill me or let me go, I'm gonna kill you.
Has he got you at your hands and knees at 2:00 in the fucking morning? I got myself at my hands and knees, wondering what became of you.
Wake up, David.
I'm up.
d Row, row, row, row your boat d d Gently down the stream d d Merrily, merrily, merrily, merrily d d Life is but a dream.
d d I was a-standin' d d By my window d d Oh one cold d d And cloudy day d d When I saw that d d Hearse come rollin' d d For to carry d d My mother away d d Will a circle d d Be unbroken? d d By and by, Lord d d By and by d d There's better d d Home away d d In the sky, Lord d d In the sky.
d

--- S01E09 ---
Her Majesty awakes, huh? Cocksucker's gonna grace me with his fucking presence this morning.
Fucking Magistrate Clagett will impart to me the attitude towards the settlement of him and his fellow lying fucking thieves at the territorial legislature of Yankton.
How fucking much it's gonna cost us to get annexed when they sign a treaty with the fucking dirt worshipers, huh? How hard is the legislature gonna squeeze our balls with regard to our title and properties, huh? I don't want to talk to these cocksuckers, but you have to.
In life, you have to do a lot of things you don't fucking want to do.
Many times, that's what the fuck life is one vile fucking task after another.
But don't get aggravated.
Then the enemy has you by the short hair.
It'll be different after the annexation.
That's all.
There's nothing to be afraid of.
Everything changes.
Don't be afraid.
I can hope those'll be appearing on a regular basis.
No.
No? How's your arm? It's all right.
Don't fucking try doing away with yourself again, huh? Good morning, gentlemen.
This is Ellsworth, who found the gold on your claim.
- How do you do, Mr.
Ellsworth? - Pleasure.
- And this is Sophia.
- Pleasure, Sophia.
I'm grateful for your expertise and keen eyesight.
Luck's what you want to congratulate me on, Mrs.
Garret.
Till you decide how you want develop it, Ellsworth can spend time enough at wages on your claim to sustain your ownership.
I nod as if I understand what you just said.
He'll explain it all to you.
Might we have a word, Mr.
Bullock? I'm certain Mr.
Ellsworth's are very capable hands, but I hope you're not disassociating yourself from my affairs.
I already got my impression of this fellow, Mrs.
Garret.
This meeting's how you form yours.
I see.
Then we compare notes and decide how you proceed.
Fine.
Toward a future point when you tell me my thinkin's so consistently wrongheaded it's a waste of your valuable time having to deal with me.
In any case, I know you have many claims on your attention.
A couple.
Thank you very much.
I'd lean more on what I felt about this fellow than what I saw.
Late as usual.
I just comes from the creek, Mr.
Farnum.
Washin' my pants.
A habit to cultivate.
And under a rock down there, I found other pants of mine I thought I'd lost.
But seein' as I gets drunk and on occasion shits myself, I figured that must be how I lost 'em in the first place.
I imagine you making your way from the creek, rolling into the lobby when all others are abed, bare-ass naked with shit streaming down the backs of your legs.
Sir, no.
It must have been the night that Mr.
Hickok was killed.
Now I recall that Mr.
Hickok he gives unto me a letter for me to put in post, but what with all the hullabalo and me gettin' drunk, I forgot about the whole thing.
Until I found my pants.
Do you think I'm gonna touch that? No, uh, I didn't get my pants wet, nor did I soil the letter when I soiled myself.
That's the miracle of it, sir.
So I'm to believe that's a letter written by Wild Bill Hickok just before his murder by the coward McCall? - Just minutes before, sir.
- Addressed to whom? His wife, sir.
Well, I only hope you haven't opened it.
No, sir.
At least that eliminates tampering from the list.
Of what, sir? Crimes in which your inebriation and sloth as my employee has implicated my hotel, which I will attempt to shield you from in the course of trying to extricate myself.
I didn't mean to extricate you, sir.
L I didn't Just give me the confounded letter! - And none of this hangdog look.
- Sir.
- Not a word of this to anyone.
- Yes, sir.
Mr.
Utter.
Hearty congratulations on your new venture.
Take a while to find out if those are what's in order.
Being this is the first day of my enterprise, I wore this frock-coat.
Very flattering.
You don't think it looks stupid? Not to me, no.
Mr.
Dority all of a sudden stumbled, and in in grabbin' at scrub to steady him, I saw a color beneath.
Ain't you a little doll.
She's formed an instant attachment.
Well, anyways, I'm glad to keep your title good workin' the surface, but the quartz outcrop we found you're not gonna know how rich your strike is until you sink some shafts.
Now, I ain't expert prospectin' that way.
I'm a man who works in creeks.
Thank you for telling me so.
Not bein' impertinent, your people gonna help you with this? My brother and my father are aware of my situation and my husband's parents.
I have no idea as to the prospect of their involvement.
Well, blood don't always prove loyalty.
But you're gonna need some people on your side, Mrs.
Garret, 'cause I believe you got a big one on your hands.
I believe Mr.
Bullock's on my side.
No question about that.
And I believe you are, too.
Excuse me.
I was among them found that little girl.
I'm glad to see her doing well.
I'm Alma Garret.
How do you do? Ellsworth.
Charlie Utter.
Come in.
- Yes, sir.
- You see this? "Utter Freight and Postal Delivery Service.
" That's what happens when you drop a fucking stitch.
What stitch did I drop? I did.
This freight and delivery service should've been opened by Persimmon Phil - as a cover for his other activities.
- He's dead.
I know he's dead now.
Well, if you don't know, nobody does.
I should have brought in a replacement, is my fucking point.
Well, you'll know better next time.
The direction of my thoughts with the sustained fucking stupidity that you're exhibiting, I hesitate to voice them is that you might want to train for Phil's former position.
Al.
I have hoped for this conversation ever since you give me that Indian head to hide.
How'd it go with Johnny? I have just fled my own office in horror at his fucking dimwittedness.
Well, Persimmon Phil was no genius.
I know.
And Johnny, so eager.
I know.
Was it not my fucking idea to ask him? There's a minimal standard, he'll be in the wilderness.
You gotta be able to sustain a thought.
You gotta be able to remember fucking instructions.
- His Honor.
- Oh, yeah.
Hold fast your valuables.
Hey, Al.
Any reason I can't share with Dan the proceedings of the talk me and you just had about me taking over for Persimmon Phil? Yeah, keep Dan in the dark.
Have a seat, Your Honor.
- Hey, Johnny.
- Dan.
What's new? I want to know how the camp stands with the legislature.
And don't give me this, um, - "On the one hand, on the other hand.
" - All right.
Just say, "This is the way I think it's gonna be," 'cause this several- hands fucking shit don't help me.
- I'll boil things down.
- Go ahead.
Let's assume for the sake of conversation that there's a new treaty with the Sioux peoples.
"People," that's what we're calling those cocksuckers now? That's the way things are headed? Assuming the new treaty, the hills will be annexed.
The territory respects the statutes of the Northwest Ordinance, which state that a citizen can have title to any land unclaimed or unincorporated by simple usage.
Essentially, if you're on it and you improve it, you own it.
But, what complicates the situation is that the hills were deeded to the Sioux by the 1868 Fort Laramie Treaty.
This could mean that the land occupied by the camp doesn't fall under any statutory definition of unclaimed or unincorporated.
So who needs to get paid? Signs of conciliation and willingness would weigh in the camp's favor.
But just as important is the presence of a ad hoc municipal organization that would enable the legislature to say Deadwood exists, we don't have to create it.
It would be disruptive if we did.
The community's already organized, not legally maybe, but certainly informally.
Why not let's give this informal organization the blessing of legal standing? What's the right fucking number for the legislature? There's a lot of gold out here, Al.
To define "right" in this environment is very liable to be an ongoing process.
What I'm prepared to do is make a list of names and a preliminary guess at some numbers.
I should tell you as well that a warrant's reached Yankton charging you with murder in Chicago, Illinois.
As the settlement's status changes, you want to address that.
I could help with that too.
How much is that gonna cost me? $5,000.
If you don't mind, I'll continue writing.
Good morning, Miss Jane.
Yeah, hello.
No one croaked today.
Tommy's still fucking sick and the doc will be back I guess whenever he fucking feels like it.
See your fucking eyes are still playin' tug o' war.
Well, this is the one to look at.
Left arm still useful as an old man's dick? Do I smell strangely to you, Miss Jane? What? Do I have a strange odor about me? What is that, your clever way of saying you smell whiskey on my breath? No.
If either of your fucking eyes takes me for hiding I'm drinking again occasionally, it's sadly mistaken, so desist from any clever odor references.
I thought the smell might be coming off the creek so I went into the hills last night but it followed me there too, as if my, uh, as if my flesh were rotting.
I, uh do I look like a man taken from his own grave? God damn you, don't start talking crazy to go with everything else.
Also, when I read the the scriptures, I do not feel Christ's love as I used to.
Oh, is that so? That is too bad.
Join the fucking club of most of us.
Let me tell you something, Preacher.
I see you skulking around when the doc comes in.
You're trying to hide your fucking eyes, trying to hide your fucking arm.
You're a fucking mess.
And I am in the process of wearing out my own fucking welcome in this camp.
And I wouldn't expect to be around here much longer for people to be disgusted by so they don't notice what the fuck is going on with you! And you need to think about some of these things and raise your nerve to consult with the doc! God damn you! Spilling my cleaning water too, Minister! Up.
Thank you, I'm fine.
You're fine.
I am off duty.
You're on duty.
You can go fuck yourself! Al, what are you doing out? Clearing my head.
And if I blink when I speak, that's because I just got fucking fleeced.
- What's going on? - Be at my joint in two hours.
- We're forming a fucking government.
- Yes, sir.
Merrick! Jesus Christ.
Hey, Merrick! Cocksucker.
Shoot.
Thank you, sir.
Good luck out there.
I believe it's time to send for my wife and boy.
Treaty coming with the Sioux.
Where the fuck is Merrick, huh?! We don't know.
Well anyways, this is it.
What we spoke about before, this puts it to the test.
All right.
Informal municipal organization.
Not government.
No, that would mark us rebellious.
But structure enough to persuade those territorial cocksuckers in Yankton that we're worthy enough to pay them their fucking bribes.
We're to meet to discuss putting this organization together.
Is that what you're saying? Centuries of fucking inbreeding attune him to the necessities of the times.
Two hours, my place! Did a fucking good job here.
Your room's put back together.
That ain't my room anymore.
Cy needn't have done for them kids that way.
Not in your room, not in the way he did for them.
I'm getting outta here, Eddie.
Are ya? I'm going to open my own place.
Good for you, honey.
Have you saved money? I got a way to work it.
I know you'll get a long way away from here first.
You think I have to? Cy told me he'd help me open a place here.
He promised he'd keep his distance.
Good.
- Is he around? - Asleep.
There's a meeting in my place in a couple of hours he'll want to be awake for.
All the pillars of the fucking camp.
You mind? You could use some rest.
I could use a clean conscience.
So could we all.
Blah! Where the fuck have you been?! - As you see.
- As I see, what? At my storage cabinet, replentishing needed supplies.
Be over in a couple of hours.
We gotta form a government for the settlement.
Who does? Us! You and me.
Come to me in a vision! You stupid bastard.
Anyways, I'm going to look for a place.
Eddie.
Swearengen's called a meeting.
Two hours.
Where's Joanie? Out looking for a place.
Good.
'Cause I told Joanie I'd back her in having her own joint.
That's what she said.
Something on your mind, Eddie? You fucked me up, Cy.
The shit you did to those kids, there's no angle to it.
That shit wasn't just about those kids, Eddie.
You need to sit there and tough your way through your problem.
Just keep shuffling your cards and let your tie hang down till you feel better.
I want to come to that meeting.
Do ya? Come ahead, Eddie.
Put the cards down, tighten your cravat and come on if it'll cheer you the fuck up.
Mornin'.
Good morning.
I'm opening this business.
Well, good luck.
Thank you.
I'm Charlie Utter.
I'm Joanie Stubbs.
- How do you do? - How do you do, Charlie? Ooh, I was out of breath, but now I'm better.
Are you off someplace? Uh, you need an escort or the like? No, I'm more or less just walking around.
What do you think of this frock-coat? Very well fitted.
I had it made up in Cheyenne.
I'm one for a good appearance and all, but it's a little out of my path.
If you would have made me guess, I would have said it's not your usual garb.
And I'm a considerable hand at the freight business, but far as leasing this building before knowing what the traffic's gonna bear, I don't know what possessed me.
See, l I do well in a camp or a settlement or a township, but that don't make me a camp or a settlement or a township type.
This is the attire for that type of type.
Anyway, you're wearing it today.
You're right.
I'm sorry for running on about it.
I'm looking for a piece of property to start a business on.
That's what I'm doing out.
I see.
And what sort of business you looking to operate? - Brothel.
- Uh-huh.
Well, uh, I'll tell you what, this camp here, it seems like it's got some legs under it.
I'm just a whore, though.
I mean, I run the whores for this man, but far as being ready to run a place and stand up to all you have to stand up to, l I don't know what got into me.
I'll tell you what, something's ready for you to do something, don't seem to matter if you're ready or not.
Better lift your skirts and jump, huh? That's what's coming to me to be true.
I'm surprised you're not at that big town meeting.
Uh, yeah, well, I'm, uh I'm heading over there shortly.
Uh, I prefer to appear late to that type of thing.
Bella Union, where I work, is bigger but I guess being that it's Mr.
Swearengen's meeting, that's why they're having it at The Gem.
Yeah, that's that's why it's located there.
Yeah.
It's awful nice to meet you, Charlie.
Well it's good to meet you, too, Joanie.
Take care.
I'm going to The Gem.
I'm heading on.
I'm heading for The Gem.
Hooray for you.
Reverend is laid down trying to hide another seizure.
Ain't you clever to see through the subterfuge.
I been letting it go, but if the idea is for you to drink more and more till I say something, I am hereby officially saying I wish you would stop fucking drinking.
I have no fucking idea as far as you saying one fucking thing about anything I do or don't, far as drinking or where I stand or nap - or any other thing concerning me.
- I see.
Or go or leave or don't or when.
All right, Jane.
So you can go fuck yourself.
And don't try and hasten anyone anywhere, 'cause everyone follows their own fucking pace, and don't try and fucking hasten them.
And you happen to be fucking overlooking that you think it's just one day after another with the same fucking seizure as if it happened the week before.
And that just shows how much you fucking know and what you pay attention to.
God damn you! What do they pay you to hold that building up? Charlie Utter of "Utter Charlie and Freight.
" It's enough to get you off with a position.
I'm in a position, you eternally meddling cocksucker.
Yeah, leaning forward, shit-faced drunk.
I am talking about nursing the plague.
Fucking tent operation.
Caring of the sick in the fucking tent! How about bullwhacker of the fucking freight between Deadwood and Cheyenne? No.
How about supervisor, mail delivery? Go away, Charlie.
Or any fucking thing else you want to do.
Go away! Congratulations on being a big fucking deal.
No one's any big fucking deal, Jane.
And all them offers stand.
I've seen you in some stupid fucking outfits in my time, but that one takes the prize.
I think that this month we're gonna try raspberry leaf.
Thanks, Doc.
Young lady, anything to report with your privates? Nah.
All right.
Meeting outside when you're done, Doc.
All right.
Thanks, Doc.
In a case like yours I wouldn't know what else to prescribe.
All right.
Whose idea was them pears and fucking peaches? I figured since we had 'em for the plague meeting Shows good thinking and initiative.
Ladle 'em out at various intervals on the fucking table, Johnny.
Yes, sir.
I'm declaring myself conductor of this meeting as I have the bribe sheet.
If I'm excluded, say so, Al.
Don't leave me to die the death of thousand cuts.
Sit down, Tom.
Don't subject me to death by water torture.
Take a seat, Tom, and toss whatever book you've been reading on the fucking yellow peril, huh? I just opened across the way.
Was I supposed to attend? Well before I can answer that question, I better know who the fuck you are.
Charlie Utter.
Of "Utter's Freight and Postal Delivery Service.
" Nice sign blocking my fucking view.
Take a seat.
Had a lovely advert in today's "Pioneer.
" So, US government's negotiating peace with Spotted Elk, Red Cloud and other leaders of the heathens.
Thank you, Johnny.
The heathens will get money to give up the hills, and the hills'll be annexed to the territory.
First notice of our cost to avoid getting fucked in the ass by those legislative cocksuckers was just handed to me by Yankton's toll collector, who suggests also our best case in keeping title to the claims, property and businesses is to start up now a kind of an informal governing organization that'll be recognized by the territorial cocksuckers and given legal status when the territory is annexed.
Since we'll all have proved ourselves civilized sorts that don't only wear our pants to cover our tails, hence the fucking meeting.
Do the bribes come out of our pockets? Hmm? The hell you must have gone through talking to that leech.
Hereafter, you let me take my fair share - of the weight in those conversations.
- Yeah, thanks, Cy.
Well, couldn't our informal organization levy taxes on the settlement to pay the bribes? Say to license businesses? Wouldn't that spread the burden? Will women who pay the license fees have the same right to operate brothels as men? What's that got to do with the price of fish? Our proper order of fucking business is to make titles and departments before the territorial cocksuckers send in their cousins to rob and steal from us.
Well who fills the various positions? Pick the names from a fucking hat as far as I'm concerned.
I'd like to be mayor.
Objections? Mayor.
Wouldn't a good use for an informal organization with temporary appointees be providing a few services to the camp? Mayor? Well, provide a few services and use the lion's share of revenues to pay the bribes.
More than providing services to 'em, taking people's money is what makes organizations real, be they formal, informal or temporary.
There's a piano outside.
Piano? When Tolliver opened up across the way, you said we needed a fancier piano.
You ordered one.
You want me to abandon the fucking meeting to bring in a new piano? Well, I'm just telling you it come in from Montgomery Ward.
Yeah.
"Any big arrival, notify me immediately.
" You said that.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Well, um Floor's open for levy suggestions and nominations for department heads.
Self-nominations are permitted.
Sorry.
We lack a gavel.
Doc? Who's gonna be comptroller? Well, um, elections? Will we have some elections somewhere down the road? This is temporary, right? - Yeah, ad hoc.
- Ad hoc.
Ad fucking hoc.
Free fucking gratis.
Can we just get on with the fucking meeting? Timid, ha.
Hardly, sir.
My own strong personal impulse was to offer my name for office, but a fourth estate, independent in name and fact from the operations of government is of the essence of a free society.
I've got to find early occasion to put the mayor off his pedestal.
Don't do it with no mud.
Did you wait a day before you ordered that fucking thing? Boss, you specifically countermanded my waiting and asking again when you gave me the order to get it.
What fucking revenue is being generated by those hoople-heads gathering around that cocksucker and yodeling about their fucking points of origin? The shine'll wear off.
My fucking head.
All that organizing businesses? Aw, 25 cups of coffee and too much circulating in the fresh air.
You chaired piss out of that meeting this afternoon.
That still don't get you off the hook about that piano.
Before I'd told a story on myself like the doc did, I'd have just said, "Thank you for the nomination, but I decline being health supervisor.
" They buy bodies to do their research.
Doctors, they cut 'em open and study 'em.
All the less reason for saying you've been arrested for grave robbing.
Seven times.
Anyways, good for you volunteering for the post.
If I had known then they wasn't gonna have a sheriff, - I'd have never raised my hand.
- I don't follow.
I only raised my hand 'cause I didn't want to be sheriff.
It's all temporary, anyhow.
That's right.
And ad hoc.
Did you happen to notice at The Gem that one girl we rode back with from Mr.
Garret's funeral? Trixie, isn't that what she said her name was? - Who'd been helping with the child.
- Yeah, I noticed her.
Much as she'd taken to helping with that little one.
Big pull to that, going back to what you know.
You think she's pretty? Very.
- Take some air.
- Yes, sir.
- Evenin'.
- Evening.
Some meeting, huh? Congratulations on your new post.
Oh.
And for your freight business.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
Evening, Charlie.
Evening.
How much time you think that Fire marshal obligation's gonna take? More or less as much as your health commissioner, huh? How about that doc? Grave robber.
Anybody else felled from them canned peaches? Not to my knowledge.
Why, you feeling poorly? Well, um, it's it's easing up some.
- Evening.
- Evening.
I've wondered how things were with you and Mrs.
Garret and the child.
I expect they're well.
I know she struck lucky at her claim.
And how are you, Trixie? As you see.
Earning the greasy eye from my boss for idle chatter.
Can I buy you a drink? I'd rather you didn't.
This isn't the place for you.
So you say.
If you insist on my embarrassing myself, have it not where I'd want you to see me.
Come see me then.
He don't permit our making calls out.
Come to our store.
Come buy a broom.
I don't want what I can't have, Mr.
Star.
All right.
If I did come, I'd buy an axe, a hammer and a saw.
All fully stocked.
And we never ask the purpose of a customer's purchase.
Our mayor.
Oh, Mayor! Doctor.
I'm gonna have a look at you.
All right.
Don't turn your head away, Reverend.
Being sick ain't nothing to be ashamed of.
Look at my finger.
I apologize for the smell.
What is it that you smell? As if I've died.
You emit no such odor.
I smell my flesh rotting.
It isn't rotting, Reverend.
Your flesh does not smell.
You've not died.
You're having organic changes in your mind that's making you believe these things.
Do you understand me? Formerly, Doctor, when the word took me as I read scripture, people felt God's presence through me and that was a great gift that I could give to them.
Now the word does not take me when I read.
Nor do I feel Christ's love.
Nor do those who listen hear it through me.
All right.
This is God's purpose.
The not knowing the purpose is my portion of suffering.
And is there any pain competing with the not knowing? I'm not in pain.
There are new smells I smell.
And there parts of my body I can't feel, and His and His love.
And you want to continue like this? As long as He wills, this must be my part.
To be afraid, as well.
Well if this is His will, Reverend, He is a son of a bitch.
Good night.
Good night, Doctor.
Hey, Eddie.
Hey, kid.
How'd it go? All right.
And I got me a four-bit room.
Play your cards right, I'll tell you where.
Hi, Cy.
I was afraid I'd lost you to the heathens.
How was that meeting? All right.
We were organizing for annexation until Eddie cracked his fucking mouth.
What'd it turn to then? A joint like ours, Joanie, what are we selling? Walk through this door, it's a new start.
Come on in, try your luck here.
Of course, we know the percentages being the percentages, you play long enough, your luck ain't gonna get no better here than anywheres else.
Maybe it's 'cause we're in a brand new camp.
Since we arrived, certain people that are near and dear to me seem to have bought into our own fucking line and now they're trying to get me to go along.
But I can't.
See, Joanie, 'cause I'm a big boy.
Now I'm ready for Eddie and me to have a little chat.
I did look around for places, Cy.
Good, I wanted you to.
I want to go ahead and do what we talked about.
Good, honey.
With your eyes wide open.
Eddie Sawyer.
Can we keep this short? Sure, Eddie.
If he finds you a 12-year-old farmboy to have some fun with, is that short enough for you? I never did that and you know it.
All this crap about what is and isn't natural, whatever does it for a fella is what does it, ain't that right? I never did that.
But did you ever want to unbutton some farmboy's Dentons and get yourself some relaxation? That's what I'm asking.
Take that boy you spoke up for up in Joanie's room the other day.
I spoke up for not torturing that boy.
Well, what you spoke for and what you would have wanted to do if it was just you and that corn-fed in that room alone is what I'm inquiring about the difference between.
- A dry hole, Cy.
- Aw, you could work that out.
You just use some spit on that or lard.
and I never saw a look on your face like I saw up there in that room the other day.
Including when I had to smack some girl around.
I was never in a room with you before where you was gonna kill somebody.
I do not make judgments.
I gave that up a long time ago.
All I want is for us to get along better, Eddie.
So every time you open your mouth in public, I don't have to worry about what the fuck's gonna come out! So let me get you some fucking kid to fuck in the ass or mouth or suck his prick or let him fuck you! Fuck you, Cy.
Fuck you.
Now, now.
That's where I draw the line.
Friend or no friend, and us wanting to get along better or not, I want you to go up into Joanie's room, which l I gather she don't want to go into no more.
I want you to go up there and think this thing through.
Imagine yourself up there with that boy like the other day, only this time it's just him and you.
And I want you to figure out what it is that you want.
'Cause next time we see each other, I want you clearheaded, and understanding yourself.
The old Eddie that knows the percentages and how to play 'em, and whatever a man does away from the table is his own business.
I want you cheerful and ready to help me with my work or I don't want you coming the fuck out! Hmm? You finish your shift and you go up there to Joanie's room and you think things through.
All right, Eddie Sawyer?! Do we understand each other? Why didn't you volunteer for something at that meeting? Why didn't you put your hand up? Might've kept you from being such an evil cocksucker.
Say hello to the new fire marshal.
I'm getting out.
Goodbye and good luck.
Wait on it until you ain't exhausted, Jane.
Maybe you'll change your mind.
Direction of this entire camp makes me sick, and it bores the living shit out of me.
Well working hours like you've been working would get anyone out of sorts.
And you helped a lot of people.
Sent a dozen men out with their plague sores healed to go back to getting 'em on their Johnsons.
I will not be a drunk where he's buried.
And I cannot stay fucking sober.
So you and every human being on earth past, present and future can drink mare's piss.
Believe I'll just have well water.
- Shut up, Charlie.
- All right.
If the subject comes up, explain to Bill.
All right, Jane.
All right.
Tell them over at livery l I'm good for the mount.
Do not fucking worry about me.
And inform Hostetler at the fucking livery you saved his fucking life.
All right.
And do not worry about getting paid back.
Check the mail, Charlie, and you will find soon proper payment.
All right, Jane.
Check with Utter Mail and Charlie Freight! All right.
Since last our eyes were upon each other, lo, I hope you've earned me $5.
No.
L I gave the lady your note, sir.
She says to come ahead, but to knock low as the little one's asleep.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you, sir.
Evening.
Good evening, Mr.
Bullock.
Sophia's asleep.
So I was told.
Sorry for calling so late.
I'm to see Ellsworth in the morning and wondered what I should say.
Ellsworth seemed very competent and trustworthy.
He suggested that until the extent of the quartz deposits could be proved, he could prospect the creek on my claim each week to keep my title active.
How'd that plan sound to you? I feel it's exactly the way to proceed.
All right then.
- Won't you sit down? - Thank you.
Would it improve your opinion of me if I told you I was Commissioner of the Board of Health? How wonderful.
I suppose.
It's to put the camp's best foot forward as far as being taken into the territory.
A number of men took positions.
- I see.
- Farnum's mayor.
How horrifying.
I wrote to my wife today.
Did you? About her and my boy coming to the camp.
You have a son as well? They're in Michigan with her people.
My thinking was with the treaty coming, annexation, the camp would be settling down, a safer place.
Yes.
- Any other sons or daughters? - No, that's it.
My brother was in the cavalry.
He was killed two years ago.
I'm sorry.
Anyways.
I'm glad you got along with Ellsworth.
Well, thank you for all your help, Mr.
Bullock.
Sure.
And congratulations on your new post and the prospect of your family rejoining you.
Thank you.
Good night, Mrs.
Garret.
Good night.
May I ask why you spoke of your brother? My wife was his widow.
My boy is their child.
I see.
- Good night.
- Good night.
d Boy, Buddy Bone, you can blow a mean horn there.
d

--- S01E10 ---
Yeah.
What was in my mind to raise my hand? Anyways, time for breakfast.
- You go ahead.
- Bullshit.
Come on.
Would a letter to the paper be an idea? Same time I give the proposal to Farnum? - Yes.
- Marshal public sentiment and favor, maybe fence 'em in a little.
- Excellent approach.
- Goddamn quicksand is what these commissioner positions amount to.
Yes, they do.
It's all a hoot and a holler to you, though, isn't it, Sol? - No, it isn't.
- Jesus Christ.
- Breakfast vittles at the ready.
- Mayor.
As far as use for the fees to be levied on businesses, I worked a proposal up on a permanent infirmary and a camp dump.
The first use for those fees is paying bribes to the legislature.
Their bagman's in transit.
- If there's anything fucking left.
- Why, Mr.
Bullock, you sound like you want to wring my neck.
Submit your ideas, Bullock, and by all means, I'll take them under advisement.
Always glad to hear from the camp Health Commissioner.
Give the idea to the damn paper first.
Please, take your passage.
Cocksucker.
What is this celestial doing approaching The Gem's front door? The tit licker.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! - Stop where the fuck you are, Mr.
Wu.
- Swe'gen.
Yeah, well, I'll get Mr.
"Swe'gen," but first, you gotta walk the fuck out - and then come around the back.
- Swe'gen.
Uh, nope, no! No! No, closed for a while.
Lick later.
We got us a situation here, Al! Come in the front fucking door.
Bring him up.
You want me to take him out and bring him around back? Bring him the fuck up.
Come on, Mr.
Wu.
Come on.
Put him in the chair and get out, Johnny.
Sit.
Sit! He won't sit.
- Get out.
- Yes, sir.
What is it, Wu? Do you think I should open it back up? I believe that's what Al would want.
Mayor.
August commencement to my administration stand stymied outside a saloon beside a degenerate tit licker.
Now, the this this is one of you, huh? Oh, this this is him dead? And these two.
cocksucker! Yeah, glad I taught you that fucking word.
These are whites, huh? White cocksucker! Two white cocksuckers killed him and stole the dope that he was bringing to you.
White cocksucker! You, Swe'gen.
The dope that you were gonna fucking sell to me? White cocksucker.
These two white cocksuckers? Who the fuck did it? - Who? - Who, you ignorant fucking Chink?! - Wu?! - Who?! Who who stole the fucking dope?! - Cocksucker! - Aw, Jesus.
Those are the first "cocksuckers" I have ever heard shouted from that room, Dan, that didn't come from Al's mouth that wasn't followed by Al coming over to that railing, pointing at you and beckoning you up them stairs with your fucking knife.
I begrudge that pervert his capacity for happiness.
I do.
Them people worship a fat man seated on his ass.
You listen to me, hmm? Listen.
I find cocksuckers.
I find.
I find dope and cocksuckers who steal - fucking dope, huh? - White cocksucker.
Oh, yeah.
I'll find those fucking cocksuckers.
Now, get the fuck out of here, Wu, the back way, you understand? The back way, or we'll start getting people having the wrong fucking idea of things around here, huh? Where's the dope fiend? Ain't seen Jimmy Irons in three or four days.
Fucking find him.
- Morning, E.
B.
- Morning, sir.
Anything the mayor should know? Name of another tailor.
Didn't we have an engagement to stuff envelopes, Al? Not until I get the currency to stuff 'em with.
"Any person who causes offal, manure, rubbish or filth to be discharged in the common areas of the camp except in the areas designated the camp dump, shall be subject to a fine of not less than $1 or more than $3, such revenues to be used for dump upkeep and to build and keep up a camp infirmary.
" That's excellent, Mr.
Bullock.
- Morning.
- Good morning, Mr.
Bullock.
- Gentlemen.
- Mrs.
Garret.
- Good morning, madam.
- Good morning.
And good morning to you, young lady.
It's Mr.
Bullock's ideas on refuse disposal.
It is terribly crowded today.
- Mmm.
- We were just remarking just yesterday that it couldn't possibly get more crowded.
And yet today, it is.
I'm gonna ask after E.
B.
Farnum.
Mr.
Farnum's away from the desk.
Gem Saloon, across the way.
Two rooms.
There's no vacancy, sir.
I'll work it out while you eat.
There's a man outside with two horses.
You send the man inside, see the horses stabled.
- Don't ask no fucking extra for it.
- Yes, sir.
Mr.
Farnum's doing a lined office business.
Or should I say "Mayor" Farnum? Don't, unless you feel you have to.
That very attractive solitary woman is Miss Joanie Stubbs, a supervisory figure at Cy Tolliver's Bella Union Saloon.
- Your cravat's in your bacon.
- Oh.
Fuck this! Is it fucking crowded in here or you just got some big fucking feet? Maybe it's the lethal combination of 'em both.
This one legislator's named on the list you were given twice, Al.
- Lucalis Childs of Bismarck.
- Give him two envelopes.
I'll call him on it if it ever suits my purpose.
As damp as your hands are, why do you continuously lick your fucking thumb? Habit, I suppose.
Could you learn the habit of licking a fucking stump? If Health Commissioner Bullock has his way, some of the levies meant to defray the cost of these payoffs may get diverted.
- To what? - Infirmary for the camp.
- Garbage dump.
- Well, that type of shit's inevitable.
E.
B.
, steal none of this money.
Gratuitous, hurtful and unnecessary.
When I deal with these cocksuckers down the road, I need to be able to look any one of 'em in the eye, name what they were paid - and know I'm right.
- Understood.
Intact and undiminished.
- What is it, Al? - Half a chance this could be him.
The bagman? He wasn't to be here till tonight.
Name's Silas Adams.
I'm looking for E.
B.
Farnum.
I'm Mayor E.
B.
Farnum, Mr.
Adams.
And this is Al Swearengen.
I'm to give this to you from Magistrate Clagett, and you're to give those to me.
Pour yourself and your friend a drink.
Stop! You motherless fucking whores.
Fuck you! - Fuck me?! - Gentlemen! You know what he says here? No.
You think you should've asked me that before you motherfucked me? A double-crossing cocksucker.
That's Magistrate Clagett.
Is that the message you want me to take back to him? That's the gist of it.
Let me put it a better way before I send you and your mute friend back down the fucking trail.
No later than tonight.
- You giving me a time limit? - Yeah.
Pussy and whiskey free, if you want it.
I make my own arrangements.
Mr.
Adams, may I accompany you to my hotel, sir? Mr.
Adams? Hey, Al.
Dan's got Jimmy Irons.
Tell him I'll receive him in my fucking chambers, okay? Get out of here.
- You work out the rooms? - You gotta share.
Just send up two plates of fucking food.
And don't spit in 'em, partner.
Mr.
Utter.
I'd 'bout given up hope.
Yes.
Mighty kind of you, Miss Stubbs.
How's the freight business working out? All a man could wish for and verging on more than he can handle.
Glad to hear it.
How'd you do looking for your whorehouse? I ain't found a spot yet.
I guess, to be more honest, I'd say I found a few, but ain't settled on one yet, absolutely.
- I see.
- Everyone done? Because if not, - I fear for our lives.
- I'm done.
Let's take a nice brisk walk.
Shit.
Oh God.
Did l did l did I spill on anyone? - No.
- Sorry.
- Where y'all headed? - Gonna take the air.
Join us if the opportunity permits.
It's good to see you, Charlie.
Have a good day.
You too, Miss Stubbs.
Madam, as crowded as it was yesterday and more so today, it shows no sign of becoming less crowded.
You mind getting your ass out of my shoulder? You got a rude fucking mouth, fella.
Conditions in that dining room have grown increasingly oppressive.
- It's crowded, for a fact.
- Price of the camp's success.
That fella was being smart with you, Merrick.
Your ass was nowhere near his shoulder.
Well, whatever my proximity, it was certainly unintentional.
Well, believe me, I had the angle.
We was just remarking how tight it's all getting in there.
Ah, yet how many memories fond to the recollection have their setting in that tight little dining room? Yeah, well, it's fucked now.
Anyways, we ought to open soon.
Who would argue that the venue was the cause of these happy memories, nor the bill of fare? The bitter coffee, the rancid bacon, those stale biscuits that were tomb and grave to so many insects.
No, gentlemen, it was the meandering conversation, the lingering with men of character, some of whom are walking with me now, that was such pleasure to experience and such a joy now to recall.
Good of you to say, Mr.
Merrick.
Yeah, back at ya as far as that goes.
Yeah.
Gentlemen, what's to prevent us from freeing our friendship from dependence on that little dining room? Relying not on happenstance and appetite to further commerce between us, but on our own conscious choice? - Meaning what? - Meaning, Mr.
Utter, the most informal and disorganized - of clubs.
- We gotta open, Sol.
Yeah, I don't join clubs.
Now, now, its sole purpose could be just walking together as we are now.
Well, why don't we just walk together when we happen to be out? We could, or we could dedicate ourselves to the principle of walking together.
Maybe all we need is a name.
Sol? We gotta open.
- Yeah, I got freight coming in.
- This was good.
I enjoyed this.
Yeah, we'll do it again.
- Morning, Mr.
Merrick.
- Thank you, Mr.
Bullock.
And thank you for the letter to the editor.
"The Ambulators.
" Huh.
Where have you been, Jimmy? So fucking sick, Mr.
Swearengen.
- Chills, fever.
- Yeah, I hear it still in your chest.
Couple times, felt like turning my face to the fucking wall.
Fucking pale you are, too.
L I've rounded the corner, though.
Plan for my return today or tomorrow.
Wu's opium courier was robbed.
Oh, is that so? Well, was it money they got or dope? All his fucking dope.
Uh-oh.
- So you didn't get your resupply.
- No.
- Had you any laid by? - No, sir.
"Uh-oh," eh, Jimmy? It sounds like I'm in for a dry time.
Some more aches and pains coming up for me.
When was Wu supposed to hear again from California? Can he even make himself understood to you? I'm that amazed how the fuck you and him can make yourselves understood any way to each other.
Jimmy, what become of that dope-fiend, faro dealer that I hired to apprise me of what transpired over at Tolliver's? Leon? Leon, that's right.
Jeez, he just disappeared, didn't he? Where the fuck has he got to? You've been wrong since you walked in here.
You know that, Jimmy, don't you? Like I said, sir, I feel like hell.
Is that what I mean? Well, what do you mean, Mr.
Swearengen? You been lying, Jimmy.
Smell of cat's piss in this room is so bad, I want to burn down the fucking building.
I'm nervous, sir.
I'm always nervous around you.
Nervousness don't cause that.
Lying causes cat piss smell.
I want to tear this entire fucking structure down.
I'll strangle you and throw you off the balcony, you stinking little cocksucker if you don't hurry to tell me where and what's left of that fucking dope that you and that other weasel have been slamming into your dope-fiend fucking veins during your fucking convalescence.
God, Mr.
Swearengen Jesus, what a fucking stink! Not to mention, you kill a fucking Chink courier and the headache over that I'm gonna have with fucking Wu if I ever get this fucking stench - out of my fucking nostrils.
- I just shit myself, sir.
I'm saying it now before the smell gets you.
- You shit yourself? - I'm sorry.
Go ahead, throw yourself off the balcony.
I'm gonna crawl, sir, I shouldn't stand.
Where's the fucking dope? At Leon's, I'll show you exactly.
I'll tell you everything.
We were four days up in his room.
Hurry the fuck up.
Go on, throw yourself.
And stay in the fucking muck until I'm down there.
I just got a splinter the length of my arm in my fucking palm.
- It's all right.
- Go.
Go, Jimmy.
Come on.
Come on, get your shit-smeared ass off my balcony.
Go, go, go! I hurt my arm.
But I'm okay.
You fucking lie there now.
I'm just gonna roll forward, so so I don't get trampled.
Jimmy Irons is in the muck.
Don't let him scuttle off until Dan emerges with other orders.
How'd it go with Jimmy? Lying thieving cocksucker threw himself off a balcony.
He'll lead you to whatever shithole him and that dope-fiend faro dealer from Tolliver's have been using to slam Wu's junk into their arms.
Change Irons into a pair of the other cocksucker's trousers and bring 'em both back here, plus whatever dope's left.
All right.
- That the reverend idling by the piano? - Yes, sir.
- Has he explained his presence at all? - No, sir.
But he ain't been trying to lead no lost souls to the Lord.
So there's that.
Reverend.
Mr.
Swearengen.
- Your new piano plays wonderfully.
- Ain't it delightful? Dave, go get a free touch from Wanda, huh? What's the matter with your eye? I'm not certain.
Something's been amiss the last week or so.
Anyways, not wanting to give offense, would you mind me asking you to frequent another joint? No.
No, I understand.
Man of the cloth slows business down, huh? I understand, certainly.
Hey, what what's that then, hmm? Something amiss with my leg, as well.
How you dealing with the fits, huh? Nothing amiss with those.
They come with some regularity.
- My brother suffered them.
- Did he? Any case, don't take me for inhospitable.
Off hours, any purpose you want to visit, hmm, hmm? Incognito or the like, I'll be happy to make it work.
I just happened to hear the piano.
All right, Minister.
All right, Mr.
Swearengen.
Fucking new piano.
- Afternoon.
- Afternoon.
Afternoon, Hostetler.
Afternoon.
Now, I got other interests in my property.
If'n you want it, better make an offer.
I'm not gonna make an offer today.
- How much time would you need? - I don't know.
I said when I was ready, I'd be by to you.
You don't want to rush me.
I was giving you first opportunity.
- No one is rushing you.
- All right.
Fair offer from other interests, I'm gonna take it.
All right, Hostetler.
I'll be having a pickaxe.
Bargain at $7.
It's open.
- Hi ya, kid.
- Hi, Eddie.
Did that blood stain get you the special rate? Have a seat, Eddie.
I'd offer you a drink, but I don't have any booze.
Settle on a location for your new place yet? I'm looking.
Good.
- That's a lie.
- Long as it's the only one you told me.
I don't want Cy to back me, and I don't know how to do anything without him.
I'll back you.
You don't have that kind of money.
- I will.
- You gonna turn prospector, Eddie? I'm gonna rob Cy.
Don't, Eddie.
He'll know.
What's the time, kid? No, he won't.
I do business with this fucking man.
Wu does 50 fucking things for me.
You rob his fucking courier and kill the cocksucker.
What the fuck do I do with you, huh? I'm so fucked up, Mr.
Swearengen.
I can't make a case for myself.
Well, what would you want to say? From you, I have received no service of any kind at any point.
That chair would make a better spy.
I've worked hard for you, Mr.
Swearengen.
- My habit's a fuckin' curse.
- Oh God.
I wish the fuck I never took up opium in my life.
If something might persuade you, Mr.
Swearengen, to say you couldn't find us and give us a day's start out of camp You got almost half the dope back, maybe a little less.
So I give him a little less than half the dope, which you being the cat piss stinking liars you are, he'll probably draw a picture explaining to me is 10% of the dope.
And then I'll probably draw a picture for him, portraying myself a cunt! 'Cause in that Chink mind of his, I'm supposed to bring you to him for his pig's fucking supper.
Please fucking God, Mr.
Swearengen, don't give us to Wu for his pigs.
We're here to be overcharged on some fucking meat.
Will Your Chink Highness fucking permit us to go inside and get robbed blind on a side of elk? I found the cocksuckers that stole your dope and that's what's left of the fucking shipment.
Cocksuckers! Oh yeah, I'm all fucking for it, Wu.
But neither of us would have reached our present comfortable position freezing our balls off if we didn't understand you can't cut the throat of every cocksucker whose character it would improve.
Cocksucker.
What happens after the white cocksuckers' throats have been cut and two dozen more white cocksuckers get their loads on and decide to teach you and all your Chink friends a fucking lesson? Who's gonna walk away from that get-together, huh, Wu? Cocksucker! Yeah.
Cocksucker.
Swe'gen bring you cocksucker.
- Swe'gen.
- But only one, Wu.
One cocksucker, not two.
Cocksucker.
One.
No two.
I give up two whites for one Chink, when they're finished stringing you up, they'll come get me.
How much? Swe'gen.
Even money this'll end up a fucking bloodbath.
Every fucking time I come with one price in mind and leave having paid in double.
How does this Wu do it to me, huh? Think these Chinks understand you? They understand my fucking attitude.
That he's a fucking wily big shot.
Builds him up amongst his people.
Take them two dope-fiends over to the baths while I converse with Tolliver over which one gets murdered.
It's a nice piece of meat.
So cut a piece off for yourself, put the rest in the cellar, then take them hoople heads to the bath.
Nice meat! If it's your missing faro dealer you're drinking over, he just threw up in my office.
Had you been sharing space with him a while? Only long enough to find out him and a fellow dope-fiend who works for me robbed and murdered a Chink opium courier.
Leon, Leon, Leon.
Second best thimble rigger I ever saw when he wasn't chasing the dragon.
You do realize I'm presenting you with a mutual problem.
Which I expect's a little ways down the road, so I'm waxing philosophical till you tell me what you want.
I made a deal with the boss Chink to give him one of the two dope-fiends.
Do I assume some piece of the opium this courier bore was intended for you? Ah, so you got a reason to keep the Chink boss happy.
I don't, so I can stand on principle.
What's your fucking principle? A white dope-fiend's still white.
I don't deliver white men to Chinks Leaving me with a bag of shit to hold.
Maybe you should think harder about trafficking in fucking junk.
I'm a purveyor of spirits, Cy, dope fucking included, and when chance affords, a thief, but I ain't no fucking hypocrite.
I think we're done, Al.
But in my line, I'm used to certain types thinking they need the last word.
No, my last word is the fucking bagman's here from Yankton, so get up your fucking share.
Where's fucking Joanie staying? I don't know, Cy.
Ah, don't fucking lie to me.
I don't know.
If you see her at whatever fucking place you don't know where she's staying at, tell her I have some good fucking news for her about upcoming real estate availabilities if she'd ever show up to hear about it.
- Okay? - Sure, boss.
Thank you.
That ain't right, see? My father was a preacher of the Word and that ain't right.
So this what it's come to in Deadwood, eh, Doc? Ministers kicking up their heels and Chinamen walking through the front door? You know, when you giggle, you leak piss.
- Poor fucking man.
- Let me see your arm.
It's fine, Doc, it's better.
Quit acting like a goddamn fool and sit down.
Get the fuck away from him! Shut that fucking piano down! Hey, big time, fuck 'em or get the fuck out! Did we not come to an understanding? In what connection, sir? In the connection of you staying the fuck out of here.
I don't recall that, sir.
- Do you wish me to leave? - Yeah, I wish you to fucking leave.
Write yourself a note and hang it over your one good fucking eye: - "Stay out of Al Swearengen's joint.
" - All right, sir.
"Stay the fuck out of The Gem, whatever my fucking problem is," hmm? I was drawn to the music.
The piano relieves my headache.
Listen to a piano where you don't make a fucking ass out of yourself, huh? - Do you know where I might find one? - No! Help him the fuck out, huh? Come on.
What the fuck was that? He's having changes in his brain.
I hope to Christ he's having changes.
I'd hate to think of him conducting performances like that of secret evenings in the forest and the like.
I'm certain now it's a tumor.
- That caused the fits too, huh? - Yes.
You notice now too he's staring cockeyed? He was in here not two hours ago.
Don't fucking remember.
- Nothing to be done, huh? - No.
He ain't coming back in my joint.
He's a man of the cloth in case he forgets.
Kicking up his legs like a four-bit strumpet.
How's Trixie's spirits seem to you, huh? - Her abscess seems fine.
- That ain't what I asked! And I don't answer for the state of people's spirits.
Come on! Buy a drink! Get your pricks sucked! Spend some fucking money, huh?! It ain't circumstance.
It's my own fucking mettlesome nature.
- Far as what? - What I've done, Sol.
And you have to admire me for it.
It's moved 300 miles to set the damn situation up I left Montana to get away from.
Drawing up proposals for refuse disposal.
Unsolicited.
Insulted Hostetler out of my own fucking irritability.
I believe Hostetler's had worse afternoons.
Wife and child I barely know.
I don't guess you need me to say it.
If there's a heaven, your brother sees what you did and he's grateful.
Maybe he sees me borrowing his life so I didn't have to live my own.
People have made good lives out of borrowed ones before.
But she is a beautiful woman.
Them stuffed envelopes for those cunts at the legislature, past smoothing the road for the camp's annexation, they were supposed to clear up a personal situation.
But that letter you bore from the magistrate explained my situation would need additional envelopes.
Not my problem.
But you'd understand how a man would feel aggrieved, learning that he bribed a legislator to annex a camp, but hadn't got the sold-out cocksuckers to lift the murder warrant against him? How he'd feel that he spent a lot of time, and trouble and expense for the privilege of getting hanged? Not so far I'd excuse him motherfucking me that only bore the message.
No.
I'm here to take your message back to the magistrate.
Who I'd be surprised is a lying, thieving double-crossing cocksucker only in his dealings with me.
Yeah.
- Magistrate Clagett is a cocksucker.
- And? Make your offer.
How can you prove you're not here to catch me in a switch? I'm not here to prove shit to you.
Does it matter to you the cocksucker the warrant's out on me for killing needed murdering every fucking day he drew breath? - No.
- Good.
Gotta go to the bathhouse.
You want to accompany me? No one's looking to fuck you up the ass.
I gotta execute someone.
Here's the situation: Two dope-fiends rob and murder an opium courier.
Dope-fiends are white, opium courier's a Chink.
So far, who cares? The Chink who paid for the delivery is a boss amongst his own, goes berserk.
Matter of indifference still, huh? Some of the dope should have been delivered by the boss Chink to a pillar of the white community, a wonderful man.
One of the dope-fiends works for him.
The other one works for a clever cocksucker who could be considered his rival, and who is watching us from his balcony even as we speak.
Thank you for not looking.
The boss Chink wants to feed both the dope-fiends to his pigs.
No.
Would you give him one? Is the boss Chink the only source of opium in the camp? Yup.
Any other business connections with the white pillar? Several.
I'd give him one.
Let the dope-fiends draw fucking straws.
Clever cocksucker won't consent to that.
Don't want his man in a lottery that could deliver him to a Chink.
Is the clever cocksucker spoiling for a fight? Al.
What you asked for earlier I suspect that's who it's intended for.
Smart thinking.
This is Lilah.
Say hello to the fellas, Lilah.
Hello, fellas.
Speaks, too.
Be a big earner for you, Cy.
- Maybe he is spoiling for a fight.
- Felt that way to me.
No one asked you how it felt.
My money'd be on him trying to put the Chink boss in the wrong in the eyes of the camp.
Anyways, thank God I don't have to rely on you to formulate my plan of action.
You with me? Yeah, I'm with you.
Mr.
Swearengen.
Al, we are good and fucked up.
We are fucked up, Mr.
Swearengen.
- What have we been saying repeatedly? - Al's a good guy.
That you'd fucking allow us our works here and us periodically fixing the entire time we're in the fucking tub, after how we inconvenienced you and fucked you up.
Fucked up our own fucking lives from the time I was a fucking child.
Al.
Thank you, Mr.
Swearengen, and you are a good guy.
Thank you, Al.
One of you is gonna have to apologize to Wu.
- Apologize? - I'll apologize.
Bring that slant-eyed bastard over here.
He can get in the fucking tub with me.
I'll apologize and then I'll kiss him.
And then I'll tie him off and I'll shoot him up and then I'll blow him with fucking soap.
We're gonna draw straws to see who goes over to see Wu.
We go there? I withdraw my volunteer.
I am comfortable where I am.
You're gonna pick a straw, Jimmy.
Well, when you say apologize, sir, could you be specific what's gonna happen? Short straw apologizes.
But then what the fuck is Wu gonna do? I worked it out with Wu.
You don't think I'd be here unless I'd worked it out with Wu.
So an apology's gonna be enough? We happen to be fucking white.
In case you hadn't noticed, he happens to be a fucking slant-eyed fucking celestial.
He's lucky to get a fucking apology.
He's lucky we're willing to do even that.
- Well, why do I gotta pick? - I'll pick.
I don't fucking mind.
Don't be fucking afraid.
You be afraid your whole life of every fucking thing.
You want me to pick, Al? I'll pick.
And then I'll blow myself with fucking soap.
Pick, Jimmy.
Show me.
Uh, would you show me the straws, please, sir? So I know one's long and one's short.
Pick.
Can I get off again first? Is that the short one or the long one? Do not throw up.
I don't want to smell your stink! - Reverend Smith.
- Evening, sir.
- Evening.
- Reverend.
I watched goods in the tent this uh, this structure replaced while Messieurs Bullock and Star first took in the camp.
You sure did.
What can we do for you, Reverend? I'm in a quandary, gentlemen.
Are you Messieurs Bullock and Star? In the flesh.
You are the absolute images of them, gentlemen.
But what makes me afraid is I do not recognize you as my friends.
And naturally, I am afraid.
What are you afraid of, sir? I don't know what's happening to me.
I have various ailments, and I suppose this is a further ailment, but of what sort, I don't know.
And I'm afraid if you are devils, which I don't believe you are, because you were the kindest men of all in the camp to me but if you were devils, I suppose that that would be the type of shape you would take, and and if you are not devils, l then I am I am simply losing my mind.
And with my other ailments, I am concerned and afraid.
All right, Reverend.
We're the people you met the night you watched our goods.
I'm from Etobicoke, Ontario.
I'm from Vienna, Austria.
Wonderful.
You're here with friends.
Yes, yes, I feel that now.
And I have various ailments of which we all suffer.
And next morning often finds us feeling better.
Yes.
In any case, part of God's plan.
May we walk you back to your tent, sir? An evening stroll with friends.
I would so enjoy that.
Let's go then.
Mr.
Swearengen's saloon has a new piano.
You tell your boss.
Tell him what you saw here, huh? I saw a fair procedure.
I saw a fair procedure, Al, to tell Mr.
Tolliver.
Oh God! Do not fucking call me Al.
I guess Tolliver achieved his purpose standing on that balcony.
- Why'd you kill your own guy? - Why? You give Tolliver's dope-fiend to the boss Chink instead of your own guy, gives Tolliver the opening to make the boss Chink look wrong in the eyes of the whites.
And he can go to war with me and make me out a Chink lover.
What if my guy had drawn the long straw? I guess he'd have been shit out of luck.
Mr.
Adams, don't think there was a long straw.
Mr.
Adams, Mr.
Dority.
- Silas.
- Dan.
Silas, lift your lid.
Yeah.
Get a fucking haircut.
Looks like your mother fucked a monkey.
Wu, here's that cocksucker to apologize.
Say you're sorry, Jimmy.
Swe'gen.
Yeah.
Swe'gen hopes we ain't signed ourselves up for killing too.
d And the hog of the forsaken d d Got no reason to cry d d He got to chew the angels fallen from up high d d He ain't waitin' for no answer d d Bakin' woeful pie d d Pie of eyesight, pie blue black d d Whoa that pie, the pie of by and by d d And the hog of the forsaken d d Well, he ain't like you and I d d With bones always breakin' and no place to go lie d d He sit in the box so dark and wet d d He got so much time d d He ain't even worried yet d d The hog of the forsaken d d He is the pork of crime.
d

--- S01E11 ---
A slob mick cop in Chicago gonna take me off for $35 just because he thinks he can.
'Cause when he comes around for his free fuckin' meal and to have his prick sucked and collect his weekly 20 fuckin' dollars from the woman that runs the whorehouse, I'm there buying girls to bring out to the camps.
I knifed the tub of guts.
That's what this cunt of a magistrate's shaking me down over, having already taken $5,000 to have the warrant lifted.
Can you do business with his bagman? I'll fuckin' find that out shortly.
Or if you're never gonna be able to fuckin' operate in peace.
What should I know? Bullock's rode out with that Hostetler from the livery.
Farnum's slithered his way across here.
Jewel just left.
Where the fuck is Jewel goin'? I don't know.
Take half a day off if you feel like.
Go see that child.
Venture out, sally fuckin' forth, hmm? - Maybe I will.
- But now come back to bed.
Who's sick? What's he doin' making you walk to tell me? I came here on my own, Doc.
I got something I want to show you.
It's a book.
Oh no, I don't read goddamn books on the Civil War.
- Look! - I don't need to look.
I was goddamn there.
But it'll help me walk better.
Okay, you're referring to the brace on his leg.
Yes.
For your information, Jewel, that boy in the drawing was goddamn able-bodied before he got his leg shot up, not born with difficulties and hardships that got no cure and took from you the coordination a brace like that would require.
I was just lookin' at the picture, and draggin' my leg really makes Al crazy.
Fuck Al.
Everybody's got limits.
You draggin' your leg is yours.
- I'm sorry.
- What do you apologize for? Don't don't apologize to me.
Lemme let me hold onto this for a while.
Thank you.
Momentous! The long-awaited day! Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Oh God, oh God, oh, yes, yes.
Uh, careful, careful, careful, careful! Now, sir, we must confirm the contents of this precious cargo.
Oh God philistine.
Ah, Joseph, what you see here is an American optical back-focus single-swing with a Meyer Gorlitz trioplan 210mm lens.
The finest photographic apparatus manufactured in this country.
What William Henry Fox Talbot could have achieved in service of this fine apparatus.
Oh, God! Agh! Oh, God, yes, careful, careful.
- Good day, sir.
- Ow.
Damn.
- What's wrong? - I bit my d Oh.
Sorry.
Leaned forward to give that fella passage and bit my damn tongue.
Knocked off my chewin' angle.
- Is it bleeding? - I don't want to look.
Might upset the child.
Anyways, maybe a different way's opened up, Charlie, as far as me getting backing for my brothel.
Aha.
I understood the question was location, but glad to hear the backin' problem's solved.
I think, uh, I've been finicky over the location 'cause I wasn't comfortable with the backing.
I'll tell you one thing I ain't making too many friends in this camp in my capacity as fire marshal.
We're through the easy picking's on that outcrop, ma'am.
I'll wade around that creek as long as you like.
You want to make your claim show its colors, you're gonna need to sink a few shafts.
I'm close to suggesting that we proceed.
Meaning my use to you is near a finish.
No! I told you, Mrs.
Garret, such as it is, my expertise ain't underground.
I want you still to supervise.
I trust you, Ellsworth, as an honorable man.
I take great pleasure in your company.
I feel the same.
I look forward to our breakfasts, and I'll just say once, I know I'm too damn old for ya.
Button! Oh my goodness.
I can't be I take a father's liberty.
Mr.
Ellsworth, Mr.
Russell.
- How do you do, sir? - How do you do? Uh, and this is Sophia.
- Hello, Sophia.
- Hello.
Your daughter? My ward.
Any rate, pleasure to meet you, sir.
I'm honored to be in your daughter's employ.
And with your permission, ma'am, I will take my leave.
Uh, of course.
And my plate and my coffee and my hat.
Fine manners.
Reverend Smith.
How are you, sir? Andy Cramed, Reverend.
Mr.
Cramed, you returned to the setting of your recovery.
Uh-huh.
How have you fared since? I've been trying out the other camps.
To what effect? No good effect, Reverend.
I see.
How you feeling? As you see.
The the tent, as you see, is in the process of being dismantled.
Our last tenant took his leave yesterday.
- Upright? - He was upright, yes.
His name escapes me.
Dr.
Cochran, I believe, uh, is expected shortly, I believe.
I was asked to to see to the packing of certain liniments and medicines.
Are you not well, Minister? Sometimes I'm very well, indeed.
My energy will return, or even an excess of energy.
At other times, I'm not well, or excess of energy.
How are you, Mr.
Cramed? Well, I backslid in the other camps.
At Gayville, I had the best intentions, - and I wound up at dice.
- Oh, yes.
At Elizabethtown, I wound up at dice Oh, yes.
Thought I'd try to work here where I'd been good, but you're putting the tent down.
Ask God's help, Mr.
Cramed.
Wherever you find yourself, He will show you the path.
Could you help me to pray? Lord, grant that I may seek rather to comfort than to be comforted, to understand than to be understood to love than to be loved And the rest I forget.
"Why don't you get a haircut, Adams? Looks like your mama fucked a monkey.
" Just that affectionate? Yeah, I've never seen Al warm up to anybody so quick.
Which should persuade you then of what? Well, you think it's just tactics? The magistrate Al counted on to be his advocate in Yankton turned Judas.
Adams is the magistrate's bagman.
Al is merely probing Adams' willingness to betray the magistrate.
In turn, his warmth is counterfeit.
- Where the fuck were you? - At the doc.
Fix me a cup of coffee.
Morning.
Shorn and groomed to a fucking fare-thee-well.
She'd never recognize you have to smell you all over to know you was hers.
My monkey mother.
Take a table out of the traffic, huh? Just that affectionate.
I trust you found your accommodations satisfactory, Mr.
Adams Silas.
If not, they could always be changed.
Let me fucking pour.
He's gotta make some distance before sunset.
What was your purpose at Doc's? I'm knocked up.
What message should I take to the magistrate? No envelopes and to fuck himself.
I'm glad we had occasion last night to spend some time together, so when he asks if this is tactics or true position, you'll know what to say.
- I'll know.
- You travel safe.
They believe you're the man to deal with Yankton.
- I am.
- It's just the magistrate looking to earn off that warrant.
And no one else even knows it's out on you.
Maybe the magistrate needs to die.
Maybe he does.
He won't come back here without a resolution.
He'll know what's waiting for him.
Maybe he needs to die there.
Maybe he should.
And the person who did it would only be at the beginning of his usefulness to me.
If that person didn't come back with the warrant on you quashed, he would be a fool not to think he'd be the next one killed.
That's why he'd be so useful to me thinking that far ahead.
Make your offer.
A thousand for the cocksucker proved dead, a thousand for the warrant proved lifted.
A thousand and a thousand.
- Think I am a fucking monkey? - You thought there would be 20 in it? Kill Clagett and get you out from underneath that warrant? You're fucking right there's 20.
Do it for two.
You've got to believe the job would open the door to your future, and you gotta believe you'd make your ass hundreds of thousands back and forth between here and Yankton.
I put him in a room above the privy.
I always thought it was gonna end like this, Button.
A rooming house in a mining camp on Indian territory, you caring for a Norwegian foundling and operating a bonanza gold claim.
And you, Daddy? Uh, always a little sketchy about me.
I hope I'm here to help.
Oh, that would be my room key.
Sophia? - Room seven.
- Thank you, sir.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome, little one.
Oh my goodness, what's that behind your ear? Don't you ever clean behind your ear? Mmm.
Does caring for Sophia please you? More with each day.
And do you have any of the gold? As it happens The well-mannered Mr.
Ellsworth says these abound? Yes.
There's some talk that you did Brom in.
From his parents? They have raised the possibility.
As it happens, I was not present when Brom fell.
You have to admit, it's a suspicious sequence - The man who was is in camp.
given their view of the marriage.
I doubt he tells the true story of how Brom died, but he would verify that I wasn't there.
I didn't mean to upset you.
It's always about the money, Button.
In certain circles.
But not here, hmm? I suppose here, as well.
In certain circles.
Mr.
Ellsworth being the exception? Mr.
Ellsworth was engaged by a Mr.
Seth Bullock, who's been steadfast and kind.
And when did your path cross Mr.
Bullock's? Before Brom's accident or after? Mr.
Bullock was asked to look to my interests by Wild Bill Hickok.
Who, if I recall your reading habits, has been an acquaintance of yours since childhood.
I would very much like to meet this Mr.
Bullock nearly as much as I'd like to wash.
Daddy.
Ah.
I'm glad to see you.
Stovepipe directly into wood, no clearance or sheet iron in-between.
Well, what's the significance? Joint's like to burn to cinders.
Well, then why ain't it yet? Dumb luck, Tom.
Which you hadn't ought to push, camp being situated like it is, everyone ass to elbow.
A hazard to one is a hazard to all.
Why, ain't you starting to talk like a goddamn government official? I'm Charlie Utter that attended the same fucking meeting you did.
And being they pinned fire marshal on me, I ain't seeing the camp burned to the ground.
So either cure your stovepipe violation or prepare to get levied a fine.
Well, I'll lick a bear's ass before I'd pay a fine to E.
B.
Farnum.
Then separate your goddamn stovepipes from the goddamn wall! Well, I'll send one of my boys over to pick up the iron.
This ain't the goddamn day of judgment, Tom.
Jesus Christ Almighty! That's the kind of shit that ran me out of Wilkes-Barre.
Where are the camp's headed, Tom? Maybe I'll just fucking move along.
Why is there no sheriff in this camp? What? All these official positions, why is there no sheriff? Because Al Swearengen don't want one.
Well, what if a sheriff took office that Al could trust not to bother him? And you could lay head to pillow nights knowing he was your friend.
Type of man who'd go up to a fire marshal, say, and tell him any so-called sheet iron violation that hadn't proven to be dangerous for, what going on two months now should be waived: And whose ear'd be first to the ground when any violence created maybe business opportunities: And who'd remember who got him situated.
I never thought of you as the type to be sheriff.
Nah, I'd be out of the mold, but fit for the camp.
My problem, Tom, is, uh whereas he has a soft spot for you as a fellow pioneer, Swearengen hates my fucking guts.
So knowing how grateful I'd be and alls I'd show it to you, wonder if you'd put in a word? Yeah? Mr.
Tolliver? Leon.
Come on in.
Your habit get the best of you awhile, son? It got the fucking upper hand.
How's your sight, Leon? Oh, the left eye's perfect, and the right's coming back.
- Have I still got a job, sir? - I'd need to hear more from you, what you been up to, who the fuck with.
That kind of thing.
Aw, you probably know everything about everything already.
Be that as it may Ahem, well me and Jimmy Irons, we stole the Chinaman's dope.
Chinaman's courier, he lost his life.
We slammed dope for a series of days, and Al Swearengen's tough captured us.
And in the bathhouse, we drew straws and Jimmy Irons drowned.
Does that about cover it? If you ask me specifics, I may be able to come up with some more details.
- Was Al Swearengen holding the straws? - Yes, sir.
He said to tell you what I seen.
And now is he holding the strings on you? - Sir? - Are you here on his instruction? I'm telling you what I seen because you asked me to.
What'd they do with Jimmy Irons? They give him to the Chinaman? I guess they did.
They wrapped him up and took him out.
Swearengen turned me loose, but he'd just give me this, so I stayed in the tub until I got my bearings.
That's a hell of a way to treat a white man, ain't it, Leon? Being fair, I'd have to say, I gave Mr.
Swearengen provocation.
He traffics in dope, so l I guess you could say that I'd stole his property and fucked his action up.
I'm talking about Jimmy Irons in connection with getting delivered to a Chink, - regardless of his transgression.
- Oh, I see.
And in that connection, I'm saying it's a hell of a way to treat a white man.
I see.
- Do you agree with me? - Yes.
- So it's your own opinion, too? - Yes, sir.
Well, that's your new fucking job, expressing your own fucking opinion.
I can do that.
With conviction, Leon.
Your job is to voice your opinion with some "oomph" and some character behind it or you'll wish you'd have got drowned in that bathhouse.
All right.
Welcome back, son.
Oh no thanks, Al.
L or yes, I will.
What's going on, Tom? L-l I thought you could make Con Stapleton sheriff, being it's inevitable anyway.
How the fuck did that get to be inevitable? I wouldn't appoint that cocksucker to empty my spittoons.
What I'm saying is somebody's gotta be sheriff, Al.
Stapleton's got points in his favor.
I hope one's not getting to recover the bribe he paid you when I don't give him the fucking job.
- Who's your candidate, Al? - Nobody.
Well, that's just postponing the inevitable.
Tom, nothing Stapleton's got on you can't be solved by Dan Dority.
Well fill me up.
Jesus Christ.
The the truth is I-I feel like the the camp's getting away from me, Al.
I got a fire commissioner who's about to condemn my building, and we're still on Indian land.
How does Stapleton becoming sheriff keep the camp from getting away from you? Well, I know him.
Uh, he'd know I put in a word with you.
What the fuck good is that to you, Tom, when that cocksucker can be bought for two pieces of day old bread? Well, that's right.
That that all makes sense.
It, uh eh, when you first come to this camp and hung your sign up for nickel booze and 50c pussy Them was get-acquainted prices.
But the point is, I seen your fucking tent.
I walked over and l I said "Hello!" I didn't tell you you gotta sheet iron your fucking stovepipe.
I didn't have a stovepipe, and you had your knife at the ready if I didn't make a good impression.
That's true enough, but you didn't.
And Dority made a hell of a one on you.
That too, is is true enough.
Now, I just, uh I feel like I know the guy, Al.
Stapleton.
Well I don't feel like I know anybody no more.
He can be sheriff for all I care.
Thank you, Al.
Don't count on him to be loyal, Tom.
No, no just a familiar face.
And no fucking paperwork.
Well, I don't even know if he can write.
- Could he be sworn in here, Al? - For Christ's sake, Tom! - He feels you don't like him.
- He's fucking right as rain.
But it'd be a comfort to him, see, if he was sworn in under your roof.
Let Farnum swear him the fuck in here then.
But press your luck no further.
Do not expect me to fucking attend.
Awful grateful, Al.
- Mr.
Star.
- Miss Trixie, pleased to see you.
I threatened to pay a visit.
You spoke of looking out for some building implements.
I spoke of looking out for an ax and a saw, and if I got 'em, they wouldn't be applied to building nothing.
Anyways would you want a free fuck? - Why would you say that? - To know the answer.
Why would you say it that way? For Christ's sakes.
Mr.
Star, my cherry is obstructing my work.
Sir would you take it from me, free? Seth, you remember Trixie.
Oh, yes.
Well, I just stopped for a moment.
Oh, yes.
- I'll lock up.
- Oh, yes.
Kiss my neck or tits if you have to kiss something.
Let me kiss you.
Well, you're a goddamn Jew fool.
Do you swear before this witness to uphold whatever laws may be put in force subsequently? Yeah, if I can, yeah.
- And don't forget who your friends are.
- Always.
Gentlemen, hold still.
Take a breath.
Don't move.
One, two, three.
Very good.
Uh, gentlemen, Tom, l I wondered if a second one might be appropriate without that putrid apron around your midsection.
No.
Let's drink.
Our health commissioner.
Whiskey.
You've just missed my swearing in of the camp's new sheriff.
Con Stapleton, sir.
I'm not sure if we've actually met.
You were at the table when Hickok was killed.
Indeed, I was.
A horrified bystander.
We weren't to have a sheriff.
Well, that's been reconsidered as inevitable.
Had you designs on the post, Bullock? - I don't want the post.
- No hard feelings then.
Consider me at your service.
My wife and child are to join me from Michigan.
- Is Al in his office? - Seems to be sequestered.
He missed the swearing in too.
He did want us over here, though.
Ain't that absolutely correct? Then why the fuck didn't he come down? Why didn't he come down? That's unclear.
To let you know exactly, I would guess, at whose mysterious pleasure you serve.
A candid moment.
Circumcision is indeed profiteth if thou keepest the law, but if, uh if thou art a transgressor of the law, thy circumcision becomes uncircumcision.
Therefore, if thy uncircumcision keeps the, uh the righteousness of the law, shall not his uncircumcision be count for circumcision? Yea, the uncircumcision that is by nature fulfilling his law shall judge thee, who by by letter and uh circumcision transgresses the law.
Yeah.
Why'd you let Stapleton have a badge? They sworn the cocksucker in yet? Hurry down and toast him.
Maybe Merrick'll put his camera back up.
No, I prefer to watch the fucking Reverend Smith preach to the oxen and horses.
It ain't right for the camp.
My wife and child are coming.
Bullock, it's a ceremonial position to give comfort to Tom Nuttall who feels the camp's leaving him behind.
Putting a badge on Stapleton makes him feel he's got friends in high places.
That job shouldn't go to a shitheel.
As my feeling would be, it should go to a shitheel 'cause it's shitheel's work.
- Doesn't have to be.
- No? Mr.
Bullock, would you sit down a second? I want to tell you something about the law.
Please, please, take a seat.
Separate from all them bribes we put up, I paid $5,000 to avoid being the object of fireside ditties about a man that fled a murder warrant then worked very hard to get his camp annexed by the territory, only to have them serve the warrant of him and to face the six-foot drop.
Into the cocksucking magistrate's pocket the money goes, after which he sends a message.
The 5,000 will need company if I'm to be off the hook.
I give you the law.
It doesn't have to be like that.
Now, if you were fucking sheriff and you said, "Do this, do that," I'd consider it, 'cause you're not a fucking whore.
I have personal responsibilities.
I'd go downstairs for that swearing in, and I'd follow your career, 'cause you're one of those pains in the balls who thinks the law can be honest.
I don't want it.
Hell, I do lots of things I don't want to do.
You think you're the only one? You should have been here when Tom Nuttall was pissing in my ear.
I think you'd be all right as sheriff.
Listen, I'm only talking to you 'cause my partner's fucking that whore.
Anyway He's back open.
- How was your talk with Al? - Congratulations.
Good sportsmanship, Bullock.
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall shall affliction or distress or or persecution or or hunger or nakedness? Or peril or sword? Yea, in all these things, we more than conquer through him that hath loved us.
I am persuaded that that neither life nor death, nor nor angels, nor nor nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present or things to come, nor heights, nor depths, nor any other creature from the love of of God! And and Jesus Christ our Lord.
- Seth.
- Sol.
She wasn't here in a professional capacity.
We have an agreement with Swearengen as to the use we put this establishment to.
She come looking for goods and things took a turn.
- That can happen.
- Not twice though, at this location.
Yeah.
Maybe I'm not the only one who should be about looking for a place.
Gonna make an offer on that piece on the western slope.
Did you have another look? Go ahead and get to building if Hostetler takes the offer.
Maybe have a leg up when Martha and your boy arrive.
- Good afternoon, sir.
- Good afternoon.
I am Otis Russell.
Uh, would you be Mr.
Bullock? - I'm Sol Star.
- Oh, how do you do, Mr.
Star? - Very well.
- I'm Seth Bullock.
Mr.
Bullock.
I am Alma Garret's father.
- How do you do, sir? - How do you do? I am very grateful for the kindness that you've shown my daughter.
I wonder if you would join us for dinner tonight.
- I'd be happy to.
- Oh, Mr.
Star, will you join us? - Thanks, but I can't.
- Regrettable.
Would 6:00 at the hotel be convenient? My daughter says that the dinner hour is early.
Just months that this camp came together, huh? - Yes, sir.
- Remarkable.
Hi, Doc.
First thing to say, I regret the tone I had with you earlier.
Okay.
If we hold with the Greeks that we're made of humors, I guess my bile was in its ascendant.
- Okay.
- Sit down.
Another thing that the Greeks say except that I learned this in Latin is "Primum non nocere.
" And that means, "First, do no harm.
" And this has been a great concern to me in your case.
To interfere, even with the best of intentions, and have you misjudge your capacities 'cause you rely on some mechanical contraption and wind up hurting yourself, would be a poor use, indeed, of my very limited skills.
You can get around now, Jewel.
I can only imagine with what difficulty and exertion and pain, but the moving around you can do is precious to you.
I do not want to fuck you up.
No, we wouldn't want that.
Having said that and different from the harness-type attachments in that Civil War book, I thought we might try something like this.
Let's.
How was your visit, Trixie? How was the child? - Had a good visit.
- Is the child conversant? Moving along from saying her name? Anyways, I better take my turn.
No, you look good having gone out.
You're more relieved, more relaxed.
We can't work all the time, can we? We all need some type of relaxation, companionship or the like? - Yes.
- You get away from me now.
Hey, Doc, how long were you planning on taking before you told me what the fuck was wrong with Jewel? Nothing, nothing she wasn't born with.
Mmm, I mean, she told me she was knocked up, but I assumed that was her gimp sense of humor.
She wants me to brace her leg so her dragging it doesn't drive you crazy.
- So what'd you tell her? - Not to worry about your moods, that you generate those yourself and then you find your excuse for having 'em.
Saucy words, Doc.
Good thing you're handy with the snatch.
I had an idea for a boot, just now measured her for it.
If you treat her as successfully as you did the minister, she'll be kicking up her heels in no fucking time.
I will leave you now to pursue another excuse.
Get that Jew over here.
My daughter tells me that before his murder, Wild Bill Hickok asked you to look to her interests.
Yes, sir.
Had you ridden with Hickok on the plains? I met him in the camp.
I only knew him a few days.
And impressed him at once as being trustworthy.
They rescued a child in the wilderness and brought to justice one of the men who murdered her family.
And, um, how was justice meted out? We shot him.
Slab of beef off the chuck, boiled whole carrots and little brown potatoes.
Fresh baked bread and rhubarb pie to come.
- Your repast awaits your mouths.
- Thank you.
Postprandial cigars for the menfolk.
Oh no, we have our own smokes.
I hope you brought ravenous appetites.
Thank you, Mr.
Farnum.
He had something to do with it.
Would you prefer, Mr.
Bullock, that Alma stay in the camp? In any case, I've decided to stay.
As her advisor, I mean? It's Mrs.
Garret's affair.
If she wanted to go back East, her interest here could be seen to.
But I don't.
Well, and it would show her in a better light should title be contested.
The custom is if you give a claim your efforts and staked it or bought it fair, someone would have to go some to take it away.
We've taken steps to demonstrate her activity.
Of course, if the New York courts had jurisdiction, they'd sell the holdings to the highest bidder.
Not many here would give a damn what a New York court held or didn't.
- Excuse my language.
- On the contrary, Mr.
Bullock, thank you for acknowledging my presence.
I thought, Button, that you were our entire preoccupation.
The man's a charlatan, Richardson.
A cheat, a broad tosser and a clip.
I only wonder if the daughter's been in it with him, or she's his pigeon.
- May I look, Mr.
Farnum? - Yes.
When you've grown a full head of hair.
Brass, that would be to gull your own flesh and blood.
- Mr.
Swearengen.
- You owe me $5.
If you ass-fucked her, you owe me seven.
- No.
- You didn't ass-fuck her? I'm not paying you.
It wasn't to do with you, it wasn't business.
Trixie! Don't think I don't understand.
I mean, what can any one of us ever really fucking hope for, huh? Except for a moment here and there with a person who doesn't want to rob, steal or murder us? At night, it may happen.
Sun-up, one person against the fucking wall, the other may hop on the fucking bed, trusted each other enough to tell half the fucking truth.
Everybody needs that.
It becomes precious to 'em.
They don't want to see it fucked with.
- I won't pay.
- You pay or she pays.
No home visits.
Do your visiting on the premises.
Five.
Seven for an ass-fuck.
You get back to work.
You sleep tonight amongst your own.
Another fucking bottle.
If we'd had a kitchen, Sophia, after supper, we'd have retired to it, to chores and gossip on the most minute domestic matters, while the men walked and smoked and argued more important matters and, incidentally, decided our fates.
Understandable, her late husband was so taken with my daughter.
I didn't know him very well, but I certainly recognized his doting infatuation.
I didn't know him at all.
I'll admit that I had hoped she might find a man who would dote on her and more, perhaps had a surer sense of what the world was.
And, apparently, I'm entitled to hope that again.
My wife and son will be joining me soon.
I'm long past judgment, Mr.
Bullock, and I've learned that no matter what people say or how civil they seem, their passions rule.
I see no reason why your wife and son's arrival need alter my hopes for my daughter's happiness or security or the security of her holdings.
I'll say good night, Mr.
Russell, with thanks for dinner.
That will disappoint Alma.
I'm sure she didn't think she was saying good night - when we left for our walk.
- She'll be all right.
If I have offended you, I've accomplished the opposite of my intention, which would not be an unprecedented result.
- I just want to say good night.
- Of course.
- Good night, Mr.
Bullock.
- Good night then.
Trust me to explain to Alma.
I'm a practiced and inveterate liar.
If we didn't hate them too much to be curious about the world we'd wonder what they'd had to say.
Craps! Loser! Line away.
You better not need them fingers, Hoss, if you spill that drink on my goddamn felt too.
Hand that stick to a captain of the floating table, Cy.
- Eddie Sawyer.
- Back in action if you'll have me.
Well, all right.
You need to take it back about that boy, Cy, me being interested that way.
Aw, hell, Eddie, you know me.
I get in a brown study, I say any goddamn thing comes to mind.
Withdrawn with apologies.
Coming out.
New shooter.
Are we that far west that we've wound up in fucking China? Where a white man kowtows to a celestial like that arrogant cocksucker Wu! Take it easy, Leon.
It sticks in my craw, Mr.
Tolliver.
Do I have my weaknesses? Yes.
But I will not have a fucking Chink courier rob me blind and have my friend Jimmy Irons robbed blind in the course of feeding off our fucking weaknesses! Or have that courier's fucking Chink boss issue an order to Al Swearengen that's supposed to be so fucking tough to turn one of us over! Swearengen kowtows and turns one of us over to be eaten by the fucking Chinese pigs! This fucking gets to me.
I can't put it out of my fucking mind! Leon, Leon, Leon.
Thin it out, Leon.
Prune the patter down, hmm? For the winner, pay the field.
- Hi, Eddie.
- Hiya, kitten.
- You and Cy reconciled? - Thick as thieves.
And if I weren't as good at what I did, you'd see I just palmed for the Joanie Stubbs construction fund.
- Hi, Cy.
- Hi, Joanie.
What were you doing giving Joanie the office, Eddie? Saying "Welcome home.
" Are you home, honey? I gave up waiting for that search party you didn't send, Cy.
Mind if I show Joanie my peacock, Eddie? - Find land for your plot yet? - I'm still looking.
I see the pest tent's coming down.
Ah, it's too far off till the camp expands.
You'd want a more central plot, say fronting Cochran's alley.
Well, those all seem took by Chinese.
You never know how that shit's gonna shake out.
Those Chinese cocksuckers! A new shooter coming out! That man's not here to help his daughter.
He's looking to root at her claim.
You went to see that whore again? I guess she had to account for her being outside, and Swearengen sent for me to pay him his fee.
I guess she told him where she'd been.
It might have been me he found out from, Sol, 'cause I'm sometimes that stupid.
You think it could have been you? I'm sure it was, speaking without thinking, justifying being in his place.
Being you'd been ousted from your own.
I was hot seeing that tinhorn Stapleton getting installed as sheriff, and I used poor fucking judgment.
Sorry Mrs.
Garret's pa turns out a shitheel.
Cold enough world without getting gone against by your own.
Now, I see what the fuck's in front of me, and I don't pretend it's something else.
I was fucking her but now I'm gonna fuck you, if you don't piss me off or open your yap at the wrong fucking time.
The only time you're supposed to open your yap is so I can put my fucking prick in it.
Otherwise, you shut the fuck up.
Now, hold onto that, huh? The point is, this minister's gotta fucking die.
I mean, that's the that's the fucking point.
He's gonna die sooner or later.
I mean, he's making a fucking jerk of himself, and, I mean, well, why-why go on with that? Who's-who's gonna benefit from that, huh? No, you just gotta kill it and put an end to it.
You don't linger on about it, you don't fucking go around weeping about it, and you don't, you know, behave like a kid with sore thumb, loco sucking it.
Now, "Mm, my poor fucking thumb!" I mean, you you gotta behave like a grown fucking man, huh? You gotta shut the fuck up, don't be sorry, don't look fucking back, because, believe me, no one gives a fuck.
- You understand? - Yeah.
You shut the fuck up, huh? Gimme that! Hey, you suck my dick and shut the fuck up, huh? Come here.
Come on.
Now then, here.
The place where I found you, huh, is where this warrant's from.
Could you believe that I may have stuck a knife in someone's guts you got on the wagon we headed out for fucking Laramie? No! Because I don't look fucking backwards.
I do what I have to do and go on.
Whoa, whoa, whoa what? You got a stagecoach to catch or something, huh? Slow the fuck up.
Did you know the orphanage part of the building you lived in, behind it she ran a whorehouse, huh? Oh, so you knew? So, so what are you fucking looking at then, huh? God.
Now, I'll tell you something you don't know.
Before she ran a girls' orphanage, fat Mrs.
Fucking Anderson ran the boys' orphanage on fucking Euclid Avenue, as I would see her fat ass waddling out the boys' dormitory at 5:00 in the fucking morning, every fucking morning after she blew her stupid fucking cowbell and woke us all the fuck up.
And my fucking mother dropped me the fuck off there with $7 and 60 some-odd fucking cents on her way to sucking cock in in Georgia.
And I didn't get to count the fucking cents before the fucking door opened, and there, Mrs.
Fat-ass fucking Anderson, who sold you to me.
I had to give her $7 and 60-odd fucking cents that my mother shoved in my fucking hand before she hammered one, two, three, four times on the door and scurried off down fucking Euclid Avenue, probably 30 fucking years before you were fucking born.
Then around Cape Horn and up to San Francisco, where she probably became mayor or some other type of success story, unless by some fucking chance she wound up as a ditch for fucking cum.
Now fucking go faster, hmm? Okay, go ahead and spit it out.
You don't need to swallow.
Just spit it out.
Anyways.
d Snake baked a ho-cake, and set the frog to watch it d d The frog fell a-dozing, the lizard came and took it d d Bring back my ho-cake, you long-tailed nanny-o d d Bring back my ho-cake, you long-tailed nanny-o d d Bring back my ho-cake, you long tailed nanny-o.
d

--- S01E12 ---
My darling wife I have $68 put by Our belly cleaveth to the earth.
I hope to be home soon, Amanda.
I'll help with the cider pressing.
Our soul is bowed down to the dust.
Tell Johnny to brew some coffee, open some peaches.
- Who are they? Is that the magistrate? - Some with soldier saddles.
- Al knew they was comin'.
- Well, he knew somethin' was comin'.
I'd about decided he just couldn't sleep without Trixie.
General Crook bears victory's garland for having routed the Miniconjou at Slim Buttes.
- Well done, General.
- The first meeting out of recompense for the massacre at the Little Big Horn.
Am I right in believing that I saw you last year in the Hills? Amongst them you gave the boot to? You said you'd see us back once the treaty got amended.
The day the general spoke of fast approaches.
Even now he's called to Camp Robinson I'm waitin' for Al to collect Clagett by the scruff of the neck.
He and his men would require some resupply and respite.
- Stopped at the right fuckin' place.
- Respite, Mr.
Swearengen.
Short of the men becoming dissolute or drawn to desertion.
Unsaddled, allowed to gamble, roll in the dust, hmm? But not so they balk at reharness.
I'll make your feelings known to the other operators.
I and my fellow officers would be grateful for the use of the bathhouse.
Mr.
Burns here will steer you.
For those that avenged Custer, if it ain't too dissolute, the camp will want a parade.
A parade is all right.
Forego your bath a moment, Magistrate, unless you want a girl to sponge you while we converse? So did young Adams deliver my message? I haven't seen young Adams.
- No? - I haven't been to Yankton.
I've been representing the territory in the treaty negotiations.
Well, as to bribing you further for help with that warrant against me beyond the $5,000 you've already pocketed, the gist was "Fuck yourself.
" - Do you now reconsider? - No, Magistrate, I do not.
Not if you've seen Adams or if you haven't seen Adams.
Well, that would be imprudent, Al.
A failure to properly value your freedom in the promising days ahead.
Maybe you don't value keeping your fucking guts inside your belly enough.
- Those are the days behind us.
- No, those are the days to my fucking left.
I didn't generate the warrant.
My disappearance won't quash it.
You can't murder an order or the telegraph that transmitted it or those that are content to put food on the table simply by being its instruments.
It can't be done.
Get the fuck out of my joint.
Although this may appear to be a fortuitous accident you're not in this, Johnny Burns I would be less than honest if I did not admit that I was in fact lying in wait, in ambush, if you will.
- Sir, make your first effort count.
- Seconds away.
Now, General your most victorious smile.
All right.
Stern and resolute! This bloated tick Clagett, feedin' on the neck of the fucking military.
I guess he bought his bagman back.
Who I commissioned to kill him.
He proclaims their paths never crossed.
I guess he would.
Can you imagine, Al, that as mayor, I might like to learn the cavalry's in camp other than by coming upon them posing for photographs in the goddamn thoroughfare?! Cavalry's in camp, E.
B.
- At whose behest? - The people, as always.
- To what purpose? - A parade's in the offing.
They've had a victory over the dirt worshippers.
Will you lead the hosannas? Well, I suppose that's part of my mandate.
Mightn't I also coordinate satisfaction of the force's logistical needs? I hope you charge something for your service.
Cavalry in camp, Doc.
May I number you in the reception committee? Fuck the cavalry and the committee that receives 'em! Hi, Doc.
The fuckin' magistrate don't go back to Yankton alive.
Trixie? You seen Jewel around anywheres? Common room.
Sweepin'.
Hey, Doc? What you got in your tote sack? Lettuce.
Set your broom to one side and sit down.
I said put your broom aside.
You have to remove it from my clutches.
Okay.
All right.
I make this stipulation.
You develop any stiffness or numbness, you report these.
You do not conceal these symptoms in order to sustain your hopes for the miraculous benefits of your fucking boot.
That's my fuckin' boot? You lose a leg, your other conditions will prevent you from moving around at all, and I will not have you lose the mobility that you do have for the sake of a few weeks' illusion.
I'll report stiffness or numbness.
All right.
And pain or discomfort! Don't you be the doctor! You report the symptoms, I will determine their significance! Don't yell, Doc! I am yelling because I want to make sure you goddamn understand me! I do.
I understand.
All right.
Here's your goddamn boot.
Help me put it on.
Walk in unannounced is a good way to get yourself killed, Doc.
Especially as the cavalry has us besieged.
I'm here about the minister.
He's over at my place, past my art if I had any.
He's damn near blind and mostly paralyzed.
Past controlling his functions.
Well, you're preaching to the fucking converted.
I mean I would've seen to him, but I've been fucking busy.
Well, he doesn't want to be seen to like that.
What the fuck are we talking about? A man being cared for, and made comfortable till he expires.
The girls you put to the task, deduct your time from my pay.
I get the bag of shit.
You get to care for a human being in his last extremity.
A human being in his last extremity is a bag of shit.
Oh, fuck you, Al! I'll send someone over to pick him up.
I made Jewel a brace and a boot.
Does it allay the fucking noise she makes when she drags her leg about? If the noise bothers you so much, put cotton in your ears.
Get the fuck out of here, Doc, huh? I'm working on my deployments and flanking maneuvers.
How about that other one? Trixie's fine.
Johnny! Take the sled to Doc Cochran's.
Collect the fucking minister and install him in the whore's quarters.
Tell that other one to make up the fucking room.
Trixie? These rags were fine broadcloth shirts before I brung 'em to launder.
Huh? Six six bits No, no.
You told me Looks to me like a deteriorating situation, Sheriff.
Yup.
Too frequent to be borne.
Downright intolerable.
Six bits a goddamn piece, you hear me? What the fuck you talking about? Look at this goddamn shit.
What is that? I hope that slant-eyed cocksucker's look ain't as arrogant close up as it appears from this distance! Smells like shit.
You celestials are trying to wash our shirts in goddamn feces! Mining gold, Alma, is a different business from panning it in a stream.
The machinery involved, the wages, it demands capital.
If, as seems clear, you've determined to stay, I could see after your requirements in New York, secure your holdings' credit as its eastern representative.
Would that please you? L I don't know, Daddy.
- I'm not sure it would.
- Why not? I'm not sure I can explain beyond saying the prospect frightens me.
Must the pretense of my behavior generating from paternal concern be abandoned so quickly? If you acknowledge what else it generates from, I'll not abandon the idea at all.
From my debts, of course.
You said they'd been entirely satisfied.
They had, entirely.
Those debts.
These are debts you hadn't admitted? No, these are debts I incurred subsequently.
We might call them the children of the debts that I admitted to.
Generating from the interest on the previous debts? Alma watching you struggle with what is beneath your spirit to understand is always painful for me.
After you got me out of debt, I got myself back in.
Having volunteered a promise you had wept and volunteered? Conceive my own disappointment.
Oh, Daddy.
Has scale, doesn't it? Certainly, there's something to that.
Who would give you that much credit? My daughter becoming a Garret raised me in the lender's estimation.
I could borrow that much against the claim? In an instant and considerably more.
All right, Daddy.
But in consideration, you will remove yourself from further connection to the venture.
I'll have that in writing before I help you.
No, darling.
You'll help me and you'll have no such thing.
Get away from her.
Get away from her! The meal's on me, young lady.
Why, thank you, sir.
My friend Jane repaid some money I thought never to see, plus $2 some-odd for Mrs.
Garret to give that girl.
Fines she levied against herself for saying "fuck" or the like.
Something amiss, Mrs.
Garret? Has the child took ill? I'll give her the money later.
Seth.
What is it, Mrs.
Garret? Seth, I've got to go do that thing.
What is it? Whatever impression my father has made on you, please believe me, Mr.
Bullock, who has known him longer, that he is here in his own interests and against mine and this child's.
I do.
And I need your help.
I'm asking for your help.
You have it.
Having confessed to the miserable outcome of my commemorative effort, I'll throw myself on General Crook's mercy and ask for a second opportunity.
I'll be surprised if he doesn't give it to you.
They love to have their pictures taken.
- What happened? - Get away from me, Sol.
- What is it? - Get away.
- Should I stay with her at the store? - Please.
Antemeridian constitutional, Mr.
Russell, or will we roll the bones again? It must cost you sleep the guests you drive off, the chances of thieving and bilking you lose, needing to rub against your betters.
You and I are gonna talk.
You don't account for my preferences, Mr.
Bullock? I will beat you here in the street.
First-rate thinking.
My daughter's agent beats her father in the street.
How better to condemn Alma to deepened suspicion as to her role in her husband's violent death and widen suspicion to include yourself? Shoot craps, Mr.
Bullock? I know what's in the till.
Were you bullied, Mr.
Bullock, when young and incapable? Now you see wrongs everywhere and bullying you feel called to remedy? - 10, lay due.
- New shooter coming out.
The bully who oppressed your youth isn't at the table with us.
- Perhaps he's long dead.
- Eight.
If you will view the present with more clarity, perhaps you'd recognize that I'm not victimizing my daughter, but merely asking for a small portion of the ample proceeds - from her veins.
- Seven out.
Alma is hurt only in your particular view of things.
And while I'll sign no guarantee not to return, or against any future claim on her compassion, realize I do hate it here.
And if you inhale and expel pure righteousness, my olfactories are keen to the smell of shit.
Six, the point is six.
Having heard all that, and knowing, as you must, the injudiciousness of making an enemy of a man who could testify truthfully that five minutes before her marriage, he heard his daughter wish her prospective husband dead, and who won't shrink from lying as to what she admitted to him on his arrival in this cesspool as to her complicity in her husband's murder I suppose you'd best take your swing.
Gentlemen, watch the felt.
Seth.
Seth! Seth! All right.
Leave this camp, and draw a map for anyone who wants to believe your fucking lies.
Anyone wants to put your daughter or her holdings in jeopardy, you show 'em how to get here.
And you tell 'em I'll be waiting.
Please see to my father.
Now, gentlemen, stay back! This ain't no single-shot derringer.
He tried to blind me with that lye, Sheriff, for showing what he done to my shirts.
- Fuck that monkey noise! - All right, enough! Till I can sort out all the full particulars here.
You may be a big shot in this alley, but you are less than a nigger to me! Quiet! Or you'll be subject to reprimand.
Take jurisdiction on this corpse! Back off, old man.
The Sioux and the Cheyenne having burned the prairie to deny us fodder for our mounts, our provisions limited to what we could carry, we turned for the Black Hills when the rains began.
Where my bay mare Sheraton foundered, and got shot.
That march through mud was a trial sent by God, and harsh necessity required of us much suffering and great sacrifice.
Ate our fucking horses! Continuing south, we proved our worth against the Indian.
We came upon a village at Slim Buttes, at once attacked from all four sides.
Their resistance was overcome.
There were no prisoners.
Paid 'em out man, woman and child for me having to eat my mare.
And after the village was taken, we found the gloves of Captain Keogh, last seen on his person when he rode into battle with the valiant Custer.
Captain.
This is the guidon of the 7th Cavalry captured by the Sioux at the Little Big Horn.
And now reclaimed by white men! Chief American Horse and his village are gone, driven off.
From this day forward - Where's the cunt? any Sioux who will not make peace - at Camp Robinson - Glad you witnessed that transaction amongst the celestials.
You know, they'll bow and scrape till six of 'em get together, then no fucking white man's safe.
to the progress of the United States of which I am certain this camp will soon be a part.
Huzzah! Huzzah! Next murder you do on an errand, gotta take off the fucking badge.
Not certain I take your inference.
And if I do, I'm not sure I like it.
Leave it there, you bought-out son of a bitch.
Captain Bubb is the quartermaster and commissary officer.
- Should he deal with you? - Exclusively.
- E.
B.
Farnum - That's Captain Bubb.
Mayor.
And as to procurement of everything listed, your civilian counterpart.
General Crook, I believe I have you verbatim, but if you'd grant me - a moment to confirm? - Oh my God.
Um, "The Sioux and Cheyenne will soon be a part.
" You'll find this hotel the least of all evils.
Does it belong to that mayor? Yes, but I can check you in.
General, Cyrus Tolliver.
Small gesture of gratitude, I'd like you to quarter at my place.
Brothel.
Excuse me.
Well, that portion to my use would have to be closed to other purposes.
Well, that'd make it a large gesture, but, uh, we'll work something out.
- Send my trunk, Captain Bubb.
- Yes, sir.
This is a tremendous number of provisions, Captain.
But, of course, you're buying for full-grown men.
I won't do a two on one.
Take turns like white men.
I don't care if the whole U.
S.
Cavalry walks in here, you don't want to pour another drink.
You just want to listen to me 'cause if the man doesn't die whose face I just broke, he's gonna go to New York City and tell Brom Garret's people it breaks his heart to say so, but his daughter had their son murdered.
He'll tell 'em, knowing how he does, they won't want their son's rightful property in the hands of the woman who killed him.
He'll swear to what he heard from her own lips.
And those society people in New York City, who live with their heads up their asses anyway, will believe him.
And whoever they send out here may take up to 15 minutes before they decide that you were involved in the transaction first to last.
It must have been you and your boss she hired to push her idiot husband off the cliff.
Of course, they'll be wrong about Mrs.
Garret, but they'll be right as rain about you two cocksuckers.
You tell him all that upstairs.
If he don't die.
If he don't die.
I don't think I killed him.
Just so I understand you, if he don't die, you're saying the man's luck don't have to hold out.
Now, that's the message you want me to take upstairs.
I don't swim in that shit.
You ought to pin that on your chest.
You're hypocrite enough to wear it.
You just tell him.
When did you start thinking every wrong had a remedy, Wu? Did you come to camp for justice or to make your fucking way?! I'm sensing you've done things today you wish you could amend, Seth.
What kind of a man have I become, Sol? I don't know.
The day ain't fucking over.
Under what provocation was that clown-hatted card-sharp when he slaughtered the Chink? I was head down, Al, towing that minister like a canal mule.
Well, in the aftermath, when you raised your fucking head, did Stapleton act like a fucking frightened man? More strutting like a dunghill rooster.
Put-up fucking job.
That fucknut Tolliver's moving on Chinatown.
That devious fucknut.
As far as this matter Bullock commended to our attention? Well, it's the exact type murder you preach, Al.
Head off trouble down the road.
You head off trouble down the road once you've dealt with the trouble on it.
The trouble on the road, Dan, is Al's enemy Magistrate Clagett's cozy-seeming connection to the military.
If genuine, Al must decide ought he seek some alliance with Clagett, however temporary or dissembled? At least until you're paid for the army's order.
They're all in the same fucking place.
Tolliver, the widow's father, Clagett I can take care of all of 'em in one fell swoop.
What about half of the cavalry while your talons are out, huh? I'll tell you, by God, you cut that fucking general's throat, you'll you'll hurry the pace of desertion.
Did I say something funny? That cocksucker Clagett's bagman.
Moderation in all things.
Thank you, thank you, sir.
- Much obliged.
- Good luck.
With all respect to the Magistrate Clagett, General, eager as we are to get taken into the territory, those wheels grind slow, while every day in this camp and environs tens of thousands of dollars in gold get cleaned up, and put into circulation.
It's an environment to test the moral mettle if we was all members of some religious organization.
Which we ain't.
Are we sure we can't tempt you? I'm sure.
A small fraction of your detachment left behind, a dozen or 18 men, say, would keep the criminal element in check.
Cash compensation, unrecorded.
To defend against threats from without, I suggest the camp create a militia.
For civil disorders and property disagreements, have you hired a sheriff? Yeah, we got one.
Did you say to me earlier, Mr.
Tolliver, that you imagined that the chief use of the military presence was to buttress the sheriff's authority? Such indirection for such a tawdry purpose.
$50,000 in gold.
I want those soldiers, General.
Is that direct enough? May I speak? Mr.
Bullock.
I was a marshal in Montana.
My father served in the British Royal Army, and my brother Robert was a cavalryman killed fighting the Comancheros in Texas.
Why are you here, Mr.
Bullock? A man named Otis Russell is laid up in this establishment.
- He needs protection.
- Protection from whom? Several in this camp.
I beat him badly.
Others have reason to wish him dead, and the camp sheriff can be bought off for half a can of bacon grease.
Well, while we're here, I will hold Mr.
Russell under protection as a gesture to your brother's sacrifice.
Thank you, sir.
I would add in a camp where the sheriff can be bought for bacon grease, a man, a former marshal who understands the danger of his own temperament, might consider serving his fellows.
May I have a word, General? I'm through.
Thank you.
We all have bloody thoughts.
Captain Bubb? That gopher-faced merchant's agent, he's trying for our eye-teeth, General.
I'd rather we provision with the fucking Sioux.
I have three men under guard for burying their uniforms and five for bartering their weapons.
Bartering them for what? Women, credit at the tables and prospecting tools.
God damn it.
Form up the men.
We'll bivouac tonight outside of camp.
At daylight, we head for Camp Robinson.
Please allow me to seek remedy in the manner of resupply, General.
We move for Camp Robinson, Magistrate, with or without your company.
I quite understand.
$50,000.
If I were sheriff, I'd have you hanged.
I brought these.
Are these my father's? Collected off the Bella Union floor.
Maybe model replacements after, maybe just remind him not to run his mouth.
Miss Stubbs, will you please come in? Oh, all right.
Joanie! Hi, sweetheart.
He will live, though, that seems clear? Seems he will.
Mr.
Bullock was my agent in this.
On our way from Syracuse to Indiana so my daddy could try farming, my mama got cholera and died.
He didn't make any better a farmer than millinery clerk, but he had a way enough with words to get me believing that my mama in heaven wanted me to see to his needs.
And then to add to the egg money by seeing to the men he brought, and she wanted me talking my sisters into seeing to his needs, and then to the men, till he sold me to Cy Tolliver.
If he was here, I'd wish a beating mornings and evenings on my daddy like your pa took today.
Oh.
Evening.
Good evening, Mr.
Bullock.
Are you hungry, honey? Why don't we go down to that little restaurant and have some dinner? Um, uh Sophia.
You go with Miss Stubbs for dinner, okay? Would you like to sit down, Mr.
Bullock? Until your father's well enough to travel, I've asked General Crook to see to his safety.
Thank you.
If he were to leave once he's well and return to act against your interests, we'll deal with that then.
I stand before you a married man.
Yes.
To your brother's widow, after he was killed.
You took their five-year-old boy as your own son.
Married.
Yes.
If you'd if you would be more comfortable behind the screen Wouldn't that defeat our purpose? Young Adams.
No satchel? No case? Don't tell me you shrunk that magistrate's head, so you can carry it around in your coat.
And that warrant against me now quashed, is peeking out of his tiny mouth? I didn't get the chance to kill him.
He'd left Yankton by the time I got there, and I figured I'd catch him here.
Maybe you're here to implement his fucking intentions against me I guess you chew at it awhile, you could work out how it could be that way.
Having given me time as he has to escape my angry mood, if I continue to ignore his fucking extortions.
Is that how you left it with him? He's coming back here to see you? Give you time to make up which side you're on, Adams.
If the cocksucker would ever show up.
For that which I do, I allow not for what I would that I do not, for Get out.
But what I hate, that, too, l Now, if I would do what I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me.
Johnny.
Shut the door.
If I was a more adaptable primate or one of your regular petitioners, I suspect I wouldn't feel this pain.
I guess l I'd have a wad of cartilage covering the patella, protecting me from this this discomfort.
Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ, just please, God, take that minister.
What conceivable godly use is his protracted suffering to you? What conceivable godly use? What conceivable godly use was the screaming of all those men? Did you did you need to hear their death agonies to know your-your your omnipotence? "Mama!" "Mother, find my arm!" "Mommy! Mommy! Mommy!" "They they shot my leg off!" "It hurts so bad.
It hurts so bad.
" Admitting my understanding's imperfection, trusting that You have a purpose, praying that You consider it served, I beg You to relent.
Thy will be done, amen.
- Oh, oh, oh - Shhh.
Shhh.
You want to be a road agent? Deal out death when called upon? Make a proper seal, stop up the breath, apply pressure even and firm, like packing a snowball.
You can go now, brother.
Al that magistrate's here.
I got those other two guys waiting upstairs.
Join 'em.
Get the sled for him, huh? Things are in the saddle, Al.
Tell me what you mean upstairs, huh? Adams your employee, and his butler.
Yes, how are you, Adams? I'm all right, sir.
We missed each other in Yankton.
Yes, I was in the company of General Crook.
Adams bore you my message to try fucking yourself.
And here he is in your office.
Well, I figured I'd catch up with you here.
Do you no longer serve his interests, is what he seems to wonder.
Adams, for his part, is stone-featured, steeled in his purpose.
- Which he'd be - Wherever his allegiance may lay.
Well, be that as it may, Magistrate, living as we all do in doubt, please proceed.
General Crook's at the point of making a decision whether to garrison some number of soldiers here or to leave the camp to find its own way.
I understand your strong preference in this regard.
You must understand that for whatever reason General Crook has come to trust me and rely on my counsel exclusively.
The appropriate gesture made by you toward me would lead me to dissuade the general from the garrison option, as well as clear away from above the cloud of uncertainty regarding your personal liabilities, namely the incident in Chicago.
You have the document of inquiry from Chicago? The murder warrant.
Yes, Al, I do.
- On your person? - Yes.
Make the appropriate gesture, and the constable hand of the past will no longer weigh upon you.
What man couldn't that be said about? I'll be happy to give you this paper when you take that fucking gun off me.
Both of them.
Swaddle the cocksucker and dispose of him.
His money and effects are yours.
That don't count towards the 2,000.
No, I still owe you the two.
Crook's troops are mustering.
I didn't think your father would have to travel so soon.
I don't begrudge him an uncomfortable journey.
I'll see him secured.
And after that, he's on his own.
Doc! Doc! It's here your competition.
Or is that one of your fucking heresies? He passed.
Lemme help you bring him inside.
A wily cocksucker, huh? Waited till I got him off the sled, huh? I would have let him lay in state, but I need the room for my whores.
Thanks for seeing him through.
Are you gonna probe in his noggin now to see what went amiss? No, not tonight.
Tonight, I plan to drink in.
Announcing your plans is a good way to hear God laugh.
I told him, but we ain't had time to act on your request yet.
Yeah, I know.
It's been a busy night.
- Bullock, what is it? - We need to talk.
Right.
Yeah, okay.
Doc, I'm gonna be a few minutes, huh? See this man gets his shine, huh? Come on.
Hi, Doc.
How you doing? No stiffness or numbness.
Uh, let me see you move around a bit.
That'll give you a shine.
How do I look? How do you feel's the goddamn question.
I feel good.
Well, good.
Hey, Doc.
Give me a whirl.
No, no.
Come on, I'll teach you how.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
No, I won't, um No.
There's a blood stain on your floor.
Yeah, I'm I'm gonna get to that.
Crook's forces in full retreat.
Taking Mrs.
Garret's father with 'em.
Up and about so quick.
- He's slung over a mule.
- Alive, is my point.
Dority give me to understand you'd just as soon as seen him dead.
If that man comes back to the camp, he'd be my problem to deal with.
The way you and Hickok dealt with Ned Mason.
No.
I'll be the fucking sheriff.
Starting when? Starting now.
- You have the tin? - I do.
Produce it.
On the tit.
I know where it goes.
Huzzah.
Hey, General! You son of a bitch! Wow-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh! Wooh! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! You know, I've never spoken to her once since she come to camp.
You reckon that's another reason not to kill her old man, besides whatever's going on between the two of you.
Yeah.
Anyways, Sheriff, I'm gonna walk past that blood stain that mysteriously appeared and go oversee my business interests.
Take your time.
Say "I'm as nimble as a forest creature.
" You're as nimble as a forest creature.
No, say it about yourself.
I'm as nimble as a forest creature.
d When we see Jesus, coming in glory d d When He comes from His home in the sky d d Then we shall meet Him in that bright mansion d d We'll understand it all, by and by d d Farther along we will know all about it d d Farther along we will understand why d d Cheer up, my brother, live in the sunshine d d We'll understand it all by and by.
d

--- S02E01 ---
- Morning.
- Good morning, Mr.
Bullock.
"Ox, box, fox.
" - Mr.
Bullock.
- Good morning.
Good morning, Sofia.
Sorry to interrupt your lesson.
We're finished.
No, we're not, Sofia, and we'll continue downstairs.
Hills get divided into three counties.
Each county has a commissioner.
- Appointed by fucking who? - The governor.
When the fuck does that happen? It already did.
Anyone I know? They're all from Yankton.
Well, being as you're the bearer of unsettling news, why don't you step the fuck inside? No one from the fucking hills, huh? All Pennington's people.
Saves time.
Just travel to one destination, murder the three of them.
See how they like being commissioner after they're dead.
Coach coming, Lila.
With your friend and her girls? I don't know.
It's still way up in the hills.
You want me to come watch with you? Oh, no, no.
Well, okay.
Well, do whatever you want, but I'll wait outside for you.
All the invoices other than this mission from Hendy Iron - have been acted on.
- I see.
You'll note I've made partial payment to them Yes.
questioning a possible duplication.
- For the bill hooks? - Yes.
Is that my worth? That's the amount on deposit.
Your worth is considerably more.
Thank you for your attention in all these matters, Mr.
Bullock.
You're welcome.
He wrote you a letter.
- Pennington.
- That you held from me till now? To say what I knew first.
Please be seated.
Yes, it has fallen to this.
Damn.
Mr.
Ellsworth! Is the Garret gold in readiness for shipment to Denver? That it is.
I would expect a delay before the owner blesses its passage.
While little Sofia is off with her tutor, Mrs.
Garret consults with Mr.
Bullock.
All right.
In Bullock's capacity, of course, as her claim's trustee.
That's all the cleverness on that subject I'm inclined to hear from you.
"Fat.
Cat.
" Biscuits? Piping fresh.
Yeah, when both of us was young.
Ah! Anyways, I could use a bath.
"I urge you, Mr.
Swearengen, not to take as injury to your interests my appointing only men from Yankton.
For not being of the region, such men serving as commissioners I hold less likely to obstruct those like yourself who actively pursue their destinies in the hills.
In those brave endeavors, be assured of my best hopes, high esteem and continued gratitude for your gestures of support.
Governor Pennington.
" Well, that's just the fucking sort chop them into pieces, and each of them happily slithers away, still lying to your fucking face.
What am I to make of this, huh? He don't know yet what he wants to do.
Knew what to do with them fucking bribes I sent.
That's a gift they're born with.
Far as how hard to move on the camp, he ain't sure yet all he'd be going against.
Maybe that is cause for cutting some throat.
That'd put you right where he wants you.
If you got other ways to move on him is what he ain't clear about.
Messages from invisible sources, or what some people think of as progress.
Ain't the heathens used smoke signals all through recorded history? How's that a fucking recommendation? Well, it seems to me like, you know, letters posted one person to another is just a slower version of the same idea.
When was the last time you got a fucking letter from a stranger? - Bad news about Pa.
- Bad news! Or tries against our interests is our sole communications from strangers, so by all means, let's plant poles all across the country, festoon the cocksucker with wires to hurry the sorry word and blinker our judgments of motive, huh? You've given it more thought than me.
Ain't the state of things cloudy enough? Don't we face enough fucking imponderables? Well, by God, you give the word, Al, and them poles will be kindling.
After we've made love, are you sometimes happy? Because I get up from the bed, is that why you wonder? I'll intend something, come to myself realizing I've only stood or sat thinking about you.
Just now, that your toes are beautiful, when I'd intended to replenish the kindling.
I was raised believing dereliction of duty is the one sure way to happiness.
So often with you I've been perfectly happy.
Can I start the shipment loading to keep the men from falling to drink? Yes, please.
Now I believe in you.
Start loading.
Does Bullock think if I wanted, them four horsemen with rifles would ward me off that woman's gold? Maybe it's just precautions against the other operators.
No precautions of his protect her.
Them other operators forebear out of respect for me and knowing what hot blood your blade would draw if they ever fucking presumed.
Well, he don't intend it as insult.
- Uh, Bullock, that's my point.
- Horror is you're fucking right! He don't know if it's breathing or taking it in through fucking gills.
He is that fucking cunt-struck.
They're afloat in some fairy fucking bubble, lighter than air him, her snatch and his stupid fucking badge.
Where's that from? My guess would be No.
10.
Hope it ain't Tom Nuttall taking the quick fucking way out.
No.
No, there's himself.
Self-deceiving cocksucker I am, I thought when America took us in, Bullock would prove a fucking resource.
Look at him, striding out like some randy maniac bishop.
Sheriff! About his duties to the camp, huh? Luck trouble didn't jump out earlier, huh, Bullock? Might have found you mid-thrust at other business.
What is it? Taken by a vision? You would not want to be staring like that at me.
It's only Bummer Dan.
But I think he's killed.
Be where I can find you.
I ain't going no place.
I'll, uh, go get my big gun.
No, that ain't how this wants to resolve.
You go down, Dan, see to the cunt and whiskey, huh? - You want me up here? - You, go take your bath.
You want a donkey's attention bring a fucking pole down between his ears.
Jeez.
Ow, fuck! No ways did I wish that man harm or take against him.
You did shoot him, huh? Only on account of the jacket.
I'll hear it from the other drunks.
Harry mistook Bummer Dan for Slippery Dan.
That had pulled his cock out previous, - started filling the cuspidor yon! - You will keep this short.
Well, uh, Harry shouts for Slippery to stop, but Slippery cast his johnson toward Harry and pisses at him over the bar.
I pulled my gun, Sheriff.
I told Slippery, "Get out, you're ruled off for the day.
You darken that door before dawn tomorrow, I'll shoot you fucking dead.
" Harry's shirt front's urine-sopped still.
But this is Bummer Dan.
Oh my God, it's true! Well, that's Slippery.
Bummer's fucking dead.
They know that, you filthy piss-spraying beast! Get up off your knees.
- Oh my God, Bummer - Get up and tell your part in this.
My part, Sheriff, was putting Bummer in my jacket and sending the poor fuck in here.
To what purpose? Thinking maybe if Harry winged one at Bummer mistaking him for me he threatened to murder, it'd be funny.
What's my liability, Mr.
Bullock? Hey, ain't getting pissed on provocation? You didn't kill who you meant to, or mean to kill the man you did.
What's my liability? Worse in some way? Box him and see he's buried.
But I'm telling both of you, watch it! May I retrieve my jacket off him, Deputy? Yeah, go ahead.
Gee, the worst fucking joke I ever played! Oh, why do I drink the way I do? He pulls that prick stunt again, shoot him! - Wait up, Bullock! - Private business, thanks.
It won't be private if Swearengen's got his cappers at his flanks.
It's private.
Thank you, Charlie.
Soap with a prize inside! You got any prizes in that meat there, Captain? This cocksucker.
Friend, I got soap with a prize inside.
You were told to keep an interval between yourself and legitimate merchants.
I keep my interval, Sheriff.
It's their increase what's crowding me We're gonna count out 25 paces.
We're at 14.
- Count them with me.
15! - 15.
- 16, 17 - 16, 17 - 18, 19, 20 - 18, 19, 20 Why, Joanie Stubbs and Miss Lila.
What brings you to the air this fine spring morning? Stage from Bismarck.
Bismarck, you say? Don't the kid in all of us look forward to the new arrival? I still tingle at the bottom of my balls.
Who could it be? President Hayes? Maybe it's jugglers or face painters.
Where do you feel it, honey? The bottom of your balls.
Air's gone a little fixed.
- I guess we know who fixed it.
- Excuse me.
Look at the man in the creek, Mama.
He's panning for his fortune.
Won't see Mr.
Bullock in the creek, though.
No.
Didn't you say he was the sheriff? Part owner of Bullock and Star Hardware, Sheriff of Deadwood Camp.
Cocksuckers! Bullock.
Do I need to watch my back against you? Al said to stay out of it.
Good morning.
If you'd spare your partner a gutting, Mr.
Star, you might make your way to The Gem.
A gutting at whose hand? My boss called him out clear across the thoroughfare.
Unprovoked? He was seeing after Mrs.
Garret's interests your partner when my boss shouted.
- Would you lock up for me, please? - Sure.
Your boss should do like me and learn to look the other way! It ain't his line.
Age impedes my stream, no fucking fear of you.
Get in here.
All in due fucking course, but tell me one thing first, Bullock, as I stand here fucking humbled.
Does the widow Garret have a going fucking hard rock concern and five-stamp mill crushing gold out of her quartz - all day and fucking night? - What? But does she cast her lot with the camp, furnish others here a chance to develop what they got, to hang on or even prosper? You pie-faced cocksucker.
Get in here and account for your insult.
Or, with you at her ear among other points of entry instead of doing your civic duty, does she ship her fucking loot to Denver? Civic duty? Opposed by her own and her dead husband's family, to put her assets at play in a camp with no law or government worth the name? See as here where she lives and struck lucky, civic duty? Yeah.
And it's time for her and some others to quit their fucking shirking.
Yankton's making its move.
Ah, the fucking thing! Meaning what, "Yankton's making its move"? Without more insults.
We're getting ass-fucked.
Carved into counties, but not one fucking commissioner coming from the hills.
How do you have this information? From the governor himself in a pricey little personal note.
They want to make us a trough for Yankton's snouts.
And them hoopleheads out there, they need buttressing against going over to those cocksuckers.
Now, I can handle my areas, but there's dimensions and fucking angles I'm not expert at.
You would be if you'd sheathe your prick long enough.
Shut up.
And resume being the upright pain in the balls - that graced us all, last summer.
- Shut up, you son of a bitch.
Jesus Christ.
Bullock! The world abounds in cunt of every kind, including hers.
Of course, if it would steer you from something stupid I, uh, could always profess another position.
Will I find you've got a knife? I won't need no fucking knife.
They went over the fucking balcony! Awful possibility in these matters is both men sustaining mortal injury.
Whoa! You looking to die, cocksucker? - He ain't your kill! - God damn you! Hey, hey.
Hey, don't come no further! Hey! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ Almighty! Where's Bullock? Fuck me.
I do have a knife.
It come to me now.
Hmm? Welcome to fucking Deadwood! It can be combative.
But I'm rarely that fucking lucky.
Wave a penny under the Jew's nose.
If they've got living breath in them, it brings them right 'round.
Mr.
Bullock.
A happy surprise.
No one's dead! Mr.
Star's shoulder's been hurt.
Ain't that your high-end whore friend Maddie? Yes.
That I thought had took her snatch to New York? Yes.
Wonderful how folks can get around now.
Doc Cochran needs to come from Whitewood.
Yeah.
A.
W.
Merrick.
Mr.
Star and Utter should be taken to our store.
All right.
All right.
Hello, Mr.
Bullock.
Hello, William.
I'm all right.
I'd be grateful if you'd take their belongings to a house - I built on the west edge.
- Mm-hmm.
Better let me hold Maddie's chair, Joanie.
I need to make a fucking impression.
- My lady.
- My lord.
Lack of notice is my only regret.
That's my fault for giving Joanie none.
Were you hedging your bets, Maddie? Feared losing my nerve all the way to the camp.
Then wondered, had that coach brought you to Gettysburg, huh? Gettysburg fucking battle carnage.
- Yes, I wondered.
- What? Wondered.
You secured that building, honey, when? - November.
- Got the building in November.
I guess you'll be operating out of? Now, I'd have thought a trick would have been behind it, but Joanie's fuck money has been going for jewels.
How long we had that understanding, honey? Since I was 14.
I've been giving Joanie jewels for her fuck money since she was and not once did I come out ahead.
Anyways.
Anyways since November, it looked to me the project lay fallow, but I guess it was just germinating.
Shall we talk in private, Cy? - Would that be rude? - Not at all.
I mean, a 18-year relationship between me and Joanie, - just one moment alone? - Of course not.
Suck some pricks if you like.
Keep whatever they give you as my way of saying welcome.
Any blind ones out there? Jesus Christ! - That bandage wants to be tight, Al.
- That does it! Ask it if it wants to be wound around your fucking neck! - Get away from me, Barney! - Yes, sir.
Fucking Adams.
Restrained you, didn't he? Obstructs me in the thoroughfare, now he wants to bill and coo.
Fuck! What was that Jewish fella thinking, Dan, to charge at me with a purse gun? That's just an unfamiliar situation.
He just overplayed trying to prove himself.
Fuck, fuck.
What was that whole damn thing about, anyhow? Al's calling Bullock to the fold.
Bullock ain't even of Al's flock.
Al's gonna be calling numbers to the fold now that he can't trust like us.
Some he don't even like.
We're joining America.
And it's full of lying, thieving cocksuckers that you can't trust at all governors, commissioners and whatnot.
By God, that's just the new way of things, and you just gonna have to get used to it, Johnny.
- All right.
- You gonna have to accept it and learn to control yourself.
You get no argument from me! Okay.
It's been me nudging you from the nest, young lady, urging you to take fucking wing! Okay.
Where did the money come from that bought that place? Your daddy sold me you for six and a half bucks, so a rich relation is tough to swallow.
It is respectful not to lie, honey, but any further silence will get me violent.
You know where that backing came from.
A farewell gesture from Eddie Sawyer! I knew Eddie had been stealing from me, and then he flees and you turn up owning our place.
I don't work here no more, Cy.
You understand? - No matter what.
- Hmm.
It's kill you or let you go.
Could I make it with you dead? Why try? Look at that.
Look at that beautiful smile.
All right, darling.
Let me let you go.
Thank you.
Shall we all take the air while Maddie hears the happy news? Let's go get the fucking crone.
I feel like a a boy.
I feel like skipping.
I'm that fucking hopeful and excited for you.
Doc, hot water.
Tell Wu that that drunk better not get ate by his pigs until I have had my way with the corpse.
I'm braced, Doc, if you want to start digging.
Momentarily.
Oh, thank you, ma'am.
The ringing I'm all right, William.
Where are your gun and badge, Mr.
Bullock? It was personal between me and the man I fought, so I took them off.
But he kept a knife.
I didn't know that when I disarmed.
Will you arrest him now for the knife? That's questions enough for Mr.
Bullock, William.
Give him a dose of that laudanum.
I got my load on, Doc.
Don't doubt I'll have back my gun and badge.
Ahem! Fuck.
I found these seeing to your piss-pot, and I know they ain't yours.
What tipped you off, the fucking badge? Put them down.
Is that some kind of private fucking hilarity? - What? - The piss-pot remark.
No.
I made water off the balcony this morning, if it's any of your fucking business.
Now get away from me.
Not you, E.
B! Get the fuck back here.
Heavens.
It's all like some great Greek battle.
Yeah, how about that fucking doc, huh? Seeing to the respectable types, leaving us, the ones that pay him regular, huh? So, that woman and child, Bullock's? His wife and son.
Uh, how was Mr.
Star? How was Charlie Utter? Shut up, Johnny! Detail Bullock's condition.
The worse for wear.
No clarity to his look or focus, as I could cite in other combatants.
You touch me, E.
B.
, I'll put your nose through your fucking brain! Now, did he state his further intentions? To have his gun and badge back.
In what fucking tone? Well, I'd shy from putting a name on it, Al.
He was talking to an eight-year-old.
Sound like he'd be coming back for more? Well, I'd hate to guess and be wrong.
New whores on that coach, huh? Find out where they'll be working.
I could take him his gun and badge, plumb his intent as we talk.
And how would that chat start, E.
B.
, huh? "Here's your hardware, and as he looks a cunt anyway, Al would like you to have this rose.
" I'll, uh, look into the new whores.
How you doing? Uh, is my bullet out? Will Star live? Well, if he don't, he's going happy.
And and Mr.
Utter? Will he be blind and deaf? No! Let me suss out that new trim, Johnny, before I earn some added rebuke.
Look, all's I'm saying is I ain't your enemy.
Whatever you thought your intentions was coming on me like you did, nine times out of 10, that'll be the last move you ever make.
Bullock will be coming back for his weapon.
To what intent? Open question.
Well, we'll be ready.
You've had your one out of 10.
Cow-eyed kid looking from that coach, that's what fucking unmanned me.
He couldn't have known she was coming.
Just today, I'd asked Mr.
Bullock after his family, and he made no mention of their being en route.
You're kind, extending the hand of welcome.
Well, at its best, this camp can be forbidding to new arrivals.
That was very much my experience.
Let alone to come upon Mr.
Bullock in the mud of that thoroughfare, injured, who knows how seriously? Well, thank goodness he seemed coming back to himself.
Miss Isringhausen, I didn't realize medicine was among your areas of expertise.
It isn't, Mrs.
Garret.
Then perhaps I'll better learn Mr.
Bullock's condition in his presence.
And Mr.
Star's and Utter's condition.
Yes, ma'am.
Sofia? You put a ribbon around your candy? And did you want me to give it to that boy? Please answer in words, Sofia.
Yes, please.
- Miss Isringhausen.
- Mr.
Ellsworth.
I'm here to steer Mrs.
Garret.
Then Mr.
Ellsworth and I will make the delivery.
Not as I'd been asked, Mrs.
Garret, but I wonder if this ain't a call better paid another day.
I've stopped believing I can dictate the terms of my opportunities.
Well, some would say it might be your choice what chances you decide not to take, some being the butt-in loudmouth types.
Shall I walk on alone, Mr.
Ellsworth? No, ma'am.
I'm sorry for throwing up.
If you hadn't, I would suspect your previous habits.
Mr.
Bullock.
Mrs.
Garret.
How are you feeling, Mr.
Star? I've puked twice.
- Mrs.
Garret.
- Trixie.
Mrs.
Garret.
Mr.
Utter.
Ma'am.
Uh, don't be alarmed.
A lot of this damage is old.
Let me introduce my wife Martha and our son William.
Mrs.
Alma Garret.
- How do you do? - How do you do? - How do you do, William? - How do you do? And Ellsworth, who superintends Mrs.
Garret's claim.
- Ma'am.
William.
- How do you do? You've discovered us in distressing circumstances.
We're safe and glad of joining Mr.
Bullock.
I hope this can be of some use to you, uh, in your settling in.
Thank you.
Thank you.
My ward includes sweets for your son, when his mother decides he may have them.
Is your ward a boy? A girl, Sofia.
A little younger than you, I think.
Oh.
Thank you.
You recall Mrs.
Garret from my letters.
Yes.
That's good luck you had right there.
'Cause I carried the mail, and I'll admit today before lay people, we lose more letters than we deliver.
I'll say goodbye then, in hopes that I see you again soon.
Yes.
I hope I see you soon, William.
Thanks for the sweets.
And don't be pestering me for the good fishing spots.
I name them only over breakfast at the Grand Central Hotel, or what I call my dog.
- Will you see your house? - I would like to very much.
Uh ahem Mrs.
Bullock, I've retrieved your bonnet from your former post.
At your convenience, the readers of the "Black Hills Pioneer" would be interested in hearing about your journey and perhaps your first impressions of our camp.
You don't have to give 'em all.
Thank you for seeing to Mr.
Star.
No need to hurry back.
Go ahead, William.
He never wrote of me in his letters to her did he? We never spoke on what he's wrote to his wife or hadn't, Mrs.
Garret.
Or why he hadn't.
No, ma'am.
And you and me hadn't ought to, either.
Thank you for taking me, Mr.
Ellsworth.
You're welcome, ma'am.
You'll recall what I wrote about her husband? How he'd sought his money back on a claim.
He died in a fall before gaining satisfaction, and the claim proved out rich.
Is that the house, sir, - the splendid one ahead? - It is.
You can walk ahead a little piece, William.
Just a little piece.
And of my promise to help the widow as I could, made to Wild Bill Hickok.
Yes, Mr.
Bullock.
And you must be as weary from the day's events and your work readying the house as we are from travel.
Please don't trouble to repeat yourself.
We traveled with that woman and her boy.
While the lady was traveling with you, her husband the sheriff was pickling his prick in the cunt brine of another.
Look at Lila, delivering her ducklings all undamaged and dry.
How are we gonna celebrate, Cy? My vote's for hardy but brief.
Votes don't count here just yet.
It looks a little small, Lila.
But I guess you gals are used to making the best of that.
Just fleeting as fucking innocence, let me toast to bold new venture.
- Your place got a name yet, honey? - Le Chez Amie.
That's catchy.
Open your yap, stick out your tongue.
To the Chez Amie! And to Stick your fucking tongue out! Joanie and Maddie! Able hands at a whorehouse tiller! And to Doris, one of the Bella's best cocksuckers, that I send with them as a gesture of friendship.
We have the girls we need.
Bon voyage, sweetheart, as long as we're speaking French.
We got all the girls we need, Cy.
Ah, don't fear that she'll spy, Joanie.
Please, don't reject Doris on that basis.
You'll just get her belly cut by me showing you I'm serious, and an uncut Bella whore sent with you.
Being as funds stole from me by Eddie put the Chez Amie on its feet, I consider myself an investor, and I will have my interests looked at, And a true count fucking verified.
All right.
Fine.
Get these girls out of here, Lila! You better get packed, Doris.
Did you bring anything with you when I bought you? That's all right, honey.
You just pack the rags you been wiping the come off with.
- All right, Joanie?! - Yes.
And now we're gonna go.
What do you think, I'm a monkey in a zoo? Think I'm gonna throw my shit after you? No.
Don't fucking talk to me like I'm no monkey.
Get those cunts out of here! Don't believe there's no good women till you've seen one with maggots in her eyes.
Joanie! Bet the wheel before you leave.
You're on a lucky run.
Is there fish in this stream? Sometimes.
This is it.
May we go inside? Did you get the letter about the house? I did get that letter.
It's at the very top of my trunk.
That has all my thoughts.
May we go in? I should go back now.
You and the boy go in.
Let's go in the house Mr.
Bullock has made us, William.
Come on, Mr.
Bullock.
Not just now, William.
Don't you want to come in? I can't come in just now.
After you've seen to the camp, gotten your gun and badge back? I'll take my mother in.
Thank you.
Come on, Mother.
Thank you.
"Dear Mrs.
Bullock, Your house is near finished.
My satisfaction does not exceed the camp's lumbermen and sawyers whose patience I have tried by my overwatchful eye for greenness and for good square-edge quality in the cut boards.
I've chosen pine, one-year seasoned, for the sills, posts, floor joists and rafters.
The other framing timber is of spruce.
Where partitions bear upon them, I have doubled the beams and supported the floor with locus posts set three feet into the ground.
I think you may laugh to see the mullioned windows with their view of the camp from out the parlor.
Being unfinished, they look like unfocused eyes.
I've left these and all final decorative choices to your superior judgment and sensibility.
" Soap! Soap with a prize inside! "I hope that you and the boy may arrive in good health and safety.
I look forward to our opportunity to better get to know each other.
I pray that in my brother's stead, I may be permitted to be a father to the boy as good as Robert would have been, and as to your care and comfort and safety, as good a husband to you.
Yours sincerely, Seth Bullock.
"

--- S02E02 ---
- That's good.
- How's Bullock doing? I don't discuss my patients, one with another.
Bleeding through his fucking ear? He was bleeding through it pretty fucking good out there in the thoroughfare.
Tell me about that other department.
Inform that fucking lunatic next you see him I'm fit as a fucking fiddle and ready to play on.
Inform me, Al, to what mark in your piss-pot did you fill? The volume was adequate.
I didn't check the mark.
Any discharge of gleets, burning or soreness? I got your suit back from Mr whoo! It's kind of, like, aromafied from that solvent.
Why don't you let it cure in the air for a while, huh, Johnny? Not on the balcony.
Not on the fucking balcony.
Gleets, burning, soreness? He's come back to my hotel.
Bullock.
Upstairs to the widow.
I can't say if they're in rut.
I didn't linger for the song of the bedstead.
Let me go check on those fucking whores.
No more in that department.
That fucking discussion is over.
I was relieved Mr.
Star and Mr.
Utter weren't more badly injured.
Yes.
I hope my coming to your store caused no awkwardness.
It was kind of you bringing that basket for my family.
May I ask if you had been aware their arrival was so imminent? No.
She had written that William seemed entirely recovered, but no mention of intending to travel.
He's handsome your brother's son.
He's a fine boy.
I would so like to see to your injuries, however superficially.
My proposal would be we leave the camp immediately, or remain and sever connection.
A choice for me to make? Yes.
I don't seek to absolve myself.
I don't believe I'm to be relied upon for good judgment.
Or even for an account of your own feelings? I only know that for us to stay and not sever connection would add lying to her humiliation, - renew her humiliation daily.
- Yes, I understand.
- You say I must choose immediately? - Tonight.
I'd need some part of tonight to consider.
- Yes.
- Others are involved for me as well.
I'll come back in a few hours.
Be very careful in the interim, Mr.
Bullock.
All right.
Be careful.
two, fucking three.
Easy.
A lovely family, the Bullocks.
Grand.
Looked forward all this while, and meet them with my load on.
Easy does it.
- Easy! - Two, fucking three! Thank you, Mr.
Utter.
- Okay.
- Much obliged, Mr.
Merrick.
I got him.
Look the fuck out.
Look the fuck out.
I ought probably to get some weapons.
Why? What? Why would you? Maybe you didn't notice Bullock was without his gun.
No, I did.
Perhaps with the ringing in your ears, you didn't hear Mr.
Bullock say he'd get his old weapon back.
You think maybe a new one might be useful to Bullock arranging his old one's return? And more backing his position? May I have a word with Sol? Sure.
- Will you mind if I hang around awhile? - Fuck, no.
Self-deluding, interfering motherfucker.
I'm sorry you got shot.
A man like me gets used to it.
If it had came to it, I'd have seen to dissolving the partnership, sending your mother the proceeds.
Why would I expect otherwise? And I know you would do the same.
What are you thinking of? Along with any funds I might forward.
From the afterlife, you mean? Any funds I would send subsequent, I know you would administer in their interest Martha and the boy.
Yes, you're correct.
What are you fucking thinking of? What we've built and been through, you don't get to walk away without saying why.
You know why.
That don't mean you don't have to say it.
I'm sick of knowing and you not saying.
- I love her.
- Good! You fucking said it.
And now I get to tell you you're wrong.
You loved her these months and stayed.
It ain't love that'd make you run, but shame.
Now let me ask you this, you think shame would end when you cleared the fucking camp? It's shameful either way, Sol.
It's life either way, Seth.
I'm sorry you got shot.
Well, I am too, but I like being loaded.
I like telling you what the fuck I think, you cocksucker.
I know you will see to their interests.
Yes, I will, you cocksucker! And I like saying "cocksucker.
" What the fuck do you think of that?! Want a fast blow-job? What? Quick open air blow-job.
Uh, no, thank you.
Uh, Bullock.
Charlie.
Maybe Mr.
Star will want one.
Thanks for going against orders.
I'll tell you, I got such a fucking ringing in my ears.
Thanks for taking my back before.
Oh, you're welcome.
Hey, I'll bet your wife and son are overtook by that lovely home you built them.
Ah, and what did that boy say about a creek in his own front yard? And that's a fine appearance he makes.
And if you don't mind my saying, she is one striking woman, Mrs.
Bullock.
Sense of dignified and upright.
Thank you.
Anyways, where the fuck you headed? To get my things from Al Swearengen.
- Oh.
- Maybe for a word with Dan Dority too.
Gave me this fucking headache.
To The Gem then.
Jesus Christ.
I'm faint.
A faintness come over me.
Oh, Jesus.
That's a lightheaded fucking sensation.
Oh.
Did you want to go to your place? Oh, maybe I should.
Maybe that's the fucking prudent course.
Give me some weight.
Come on.
Yeah, to not keel forward and drown in fucking horseshit.
Ooh.
How are you feeling? Things are a little wavy-like before my eyes.
Fuck The Gem.
Gem'll fucking wait.
For what it's worth, Yankton's afraid of Bullock.
Well, say no more.
Refrain from explaining yourself.
Till Congress approves, nothing's to say the Hills get made part of Dakota.
Far as that, Montana's got pull, Dakota don't.
Montana's got silver for bribes.
Thieving Indian agent's all fucking Dakota's got.
It ain't fucking fresh money to the game.
And how does that argue for Bullock living or dying? Yankton thinks Bullock's Montana's man.
On what basis? He was favorite of a judge in Helena that wanted him in politics.
They figure he's a stalking horse here for the judge's interests.
Then Yankton's got their head up their fucking asses if they think Bullock's anybody's man.
Hell, Bullock himself don't even know whose man he is.
In the thoroughfare, as I readied to stab the cocksucker, did you have no impulse to hint at this? The moment didn't seem right.
Over time, your quickness with a cocky rejoinder must have gotten you many punches in the face.
Depends what you call "many.
" There's another fucking clever one.
To Yankton's thinking, would Bullock dead curb Montana's interests or incite them to a stronger expression? I don't know.
If he's spoiling to mix it with us further, they may get a chance to find out.
He will leave with me, if I tell him that's my wish.
As to what our life would be, that's another question.
I would say, ma'am, it might be like living atop a volcano.
- That's been done, Miss Isringhausen.
- Certainly.
And with a good deal of excitement, I should think.
A sense of high adventure every day.
And, of course, danger.
As to excitement, would you possibly add happiness? Why not, Mrs.
Garret? Please don't be angry with me, ma'am.
No.
We do love each other.
Our being together ought not to seem so outlandish a proposition No, ma'am.
except for every other single thing.
Oh boy.
Yeah, there you go.
Thank you.
Thank you, Bullock.
Ooh.
All right.
I'm next to completely collected.
Three separate occasions I've been shot at, hit, and fought on.
And now, a miss takes my equilibrium.
Anyways.
You want to get to The Gem, huh? - Yeah.
- Why? I told you why.
Well, I mean why just this instant, say, different from later a little while, when a friend could back your play? I mean, someplace you need to get to after that? I got the elements stored in the back.
I hope to Christ you do.
Come in.
Don't anyone bolt for freedom.
I kept accumulating them secret so Cy wouldn't think I was proceeding.
Well, well, well.
- There's the wallpaper you sent.
- Yes, ma'am.
Ladies, why don't you put your attention to some of the lighter furniture, and we'll hire some great minds to do the heavy lifting? Roll up your sleeves, Doris.
Hard work dispels worry.
I pray to God your shoulder pain's like some sharp-toothed creature's inside chewing at it and gnawing.
How did I give offense? No one needs feeling as good as you'd feel otherwise.
Hmph.
I say from fucking experience.
And I didn't need the fucking activity today and the fucking crises.
I prefer sucking prick is the fucking short of it.
I would settle for a vigorous hand-holding.
You are a funny fucking Jew.
And type that insinuates himself.
General principle, I believe in fostering people's tries at improving theirselves, and I think you all also know that I got a special fondness for Joanie Stubbs.
And if those things wasn't true, in this camp at this precise juncture, I, Cy Tolliver, would not have backed an exclusively high-end whoring operation at the far fucking end of the camp without concealed access for its trade.
But, be that as it may, and wishing Joanie Godspeed, this congregation gathers so that I can assure each of you that our operation here, The Bella Union, is organized exactly to capitalize on what this camp is ready for and for what it's going to become.
I want each of you to take one of these as a gesture of optimism and good will.
Keep your fucking distance! Remain on your side of the street! Do not interfere with me in any way! Chinese cocksuckers! Aw, Jesus.
Well, you are an entangled inebriate, are you not? This happens to be a rig and contraption of my own devising against repeated accidental falls that has temporarily malfunctioned.
Very well knotted.
I'm back in camp, Cochran, 'cause I'm dying and I need a place to breathe my fucking last, and not for no human aid or consolation.
Jesus Christ, you're bad with your hands! If I wasn't practically fucking dead, I'd reach that knife and cut myself free.
And I just farted.
So what? Hey! Hey! Hey! Don't you disarm me, you cocksucker! Lift me up so I can cut myself free.
All right.
You ready? All right now, give me that hand.
Ow.
Now step inside and let me examine you, even if you are past help.
Enhancing my understanding may allow others the benefit of your mortal illness.
Do you mock me, cocksucker? No.
Come on inside.
All right, there we go.
Promise when I'm dead, you'll plant me with a view of where Bill is.
He couldn't have meant that, not possibly.
Well, I shouldn't have thought so.
You don't believe he imagines were he and I to go, I'd leave Sofia behind? I can't be certain, Mrs.
Garret.
I didn't hear him speak.
Because others rescued her and nursed her, is the idea that she belongs to the camp? Are we some sort of vicious, filthy outpost of Brook Farm? She's been with me for seven months.
She's a part of my life as I am of hers.
He couldn't have.
I will not! Jane, for me, the female breast has long ago lost all mystery or allure.
Open your goddamn blouse.
I'm keeping my eyes shut, but I'll know every fucking move you make! I'll have you further promise that you won't forage in my remains after I'm dead, as you obviously don't scruple from that type of sick behavior.
I promise.
All right, sit up if you're not too drunk.
Your liver runs from your chin to your genitals, so I suggest you quit drinking.
I will when you do, you ugly son of a bitch.
Nature is a forgiving mistress, and you might could have some time to fill before she collects her due.
As if I'd credit any opinions of yours on the subject of health.
Well, if you do care to sojourn among us, Charlie Utter has put aside a room for you at the freight building.
Does he have any animals in there? Fort Cooper on the Butterfield stage route.
I know that fort.
- On the Brazos.
- That's where I found him.
I was 13, and he had to send me back.
But we had a good talk before I left.
Probably I'd have come looking for him again, but next year was the war.
Robert was cavalry.
No way to locate where he was.
The fucking war had everyone all over everywhere.
We wrote less after my father passed and I headed to Montana.
I had letters when he married, when they had their boy.
And we'd threaten visits.
When I finally did come to Fort Quitman where Robert was posted and met Martha and William, Robert wasn't there.
He was following back some raid across the Rio Grande.
I had let it wait too long.
He got shot and killed in Mexico and was buried there.
Fucking Mexico.
I went down, found him and brought him back.
Wrong to let him lay there unless you're a Mexican.
My bowels are in an upheaval.
I'll walk off to pass wind.
Don't ever say I'm not a fucking gentleman.
Fuck you two! No.
10 ruled me off, the round-eyed toads.
Cocksucker.
My concern, past your physical well-being, is what the dispute portends.
Yeah, I don't know.
Is it settled between you two or still unresolved? I don't fucking know.
Your ribs are hurting, ain't they? Yeah, they fucking hurt.
Well, I always believed, of His sufferings on the cross, His busted ribs would have hurt Him the worst.
Hey, Adams? Cutthroat friend, huh? And I thought you was in Florida having your belly rubbed by a Seminole.
What the fuck? You aren't going to believe what happened to me, boss.
If Kate Hogranch is part of this story and fucking that half-breed, go ahead and try me.
That's not the stop that detained me.
I'm past my fill of this shit.
Next time, don't fucking catch up.
Guess the Day of the Samaritan's passed.
Stopped to help stranded sisters.
Hi.
Severe reprimand.
Them two seem disputatious as well, huh? Storm clouds gather.
Think you about got her clean there, hoss.
Another fucking clever one.
I bet when you and your partner's out on the trail, when you ain't greasing poles and choosing who's going to be rider, oh, I bet you and him just bust each other's guts with your little fucking funnies.
Well, we do laugh some about you.
Ho! Let's hear a belly giggle now, you cocksucker.
No.
God damn it! Christ, that's one country ass-kicking! Shut your fucking mouth! Oh, he just 12-pointed Slippery Dan.
Next one is to your head, Dan.
Do not doubt me.
Well, that's just fucking great.
That's fucking beautiful.
Feels like a cannonball up my ass.
Fella in Livingston went sweet on me.
Finnish fella from Finland, hardly spoke fucking English.
Brought me flowers and some dry food they like there.
And, uh, one night, he takes my arm and he starts in and he, uh, whispers in his Finland accent, "I want to suck your cock.
" What do you fucking think of that? Uh, oh, I missed the end part, Jane.
Uh, can't practically hear fuck-all.
A fucking bullet near creased my ear.
It didn't do your face no fucking favors neither.
- Yeah.
- Put him to sleep.
I got to go.
No, no, no, wait, wait, wait.
Uh, wait.
- Let me get weapons.
- For what? I told you, we was involved in a falling out, and I guess hostilities may be about to resume.
You going to tell me now who it was with? Swearengen.
The Limey cocksucker nearly did for the little one? Uh-huh.
Why the fuck was you withholding that information? In the futile hope of preventing you roiling the fucking waters.
How is that little one the Limey cocksucker nearly killed? Still in the care of the widow Garret? I'll have my badge and gun back.
Well, go get the fucking weapons for us to back him, Charlie.
Let me just wake my fucking watchman.
Alcoholic encephalopathy.
Huh? Um wet brain.
$5.
00.
Anything else I can do for you, boss? Keep up.
Just save your fucking words, Al.
Don't waste your precious time.
You got any orders, you just send Adams and he can deliver them.
- Dan - You chose! You took his fucking part! As was right and fucking proper at the time.
Yeah, but you pointed the fucking gun at me.
And persuaded you I'd use it in order that I didn't need to.
Dan? Where you or me would have slammed that hoople up, planted him back and twisted the cocksucker till all the points of that buck's rack showed out his chest, and then done it twice more in case the fuck mistook the first for accident, what did Adams do? He fucking walked away.
Different man from you and me.
Whatever looks ahead of grievous abominations and disorder, you and me walk into it together like always.
As you'd never say to Adams? As I'd never say to Adams.
Send fucking Dolly up, huh? Yeah, sure thing, boss.
When I first came to this camp and for many years before, I depended on spirits of laudanum.
May I ask against what indisposition? Various indispositions.
The remedy was invariable.
Caring for Sofia has been a great joy and a great freedom.
To give up her care in love's name or any other the selfishness of that I'd be too afraid.
Ain't never seen a man killed like that.
By God, I'll tell you what, Johnny, there would have been a hell of a lot more than two tines sticking through that cocksucker's chest if it had been me or Al impaling him.
Jesus Christ! Either Al got God or Dolly just stuck her thumb back up his ass.
Now, I'm halfway thinking this exaggerates the condition rather than alleviates it.
If I might should query the doc, but then that cocksucker will only ask after gleets.
Oh my God.
Take it out.
Take it out.
Remove your fucking thumb.
Why, if I was moving forward to get away from you, would you have fucking pursued me? When I stopped, pressed on yourself to drive your thumb into my intestine? Sorry.
Is it a river of blood, or what the fuck's pouring out of it now? Nothing.
Huh.
Close the ass-flap.
The entire area of my fucking asshole is now one gigantic fucking throb.
I have no idea what's transpiring in there.
- Shall I suck your prick? - Please.
Does he want to fucking die? I understand that has its fucking appeal, but not going out a fucking cunt taking others fucking with you.
Dulled faculties! Your fucking stupid fuck of a stupid fucking partner.
Wants to die? Help me, Trixie.
Even this now gives me no pleasure.
Swearengen! Be down in five minutes with my gun and badge! Start down now, you Limey cocksucker! Allow for getting stuck crawling out from under the bed.
That Bullock's a fucking strategist, ain't he? Sets terms to publicly humiliate me, and my penalty if I don't comply is he walks into the bar downstairs and takes And that ain't no hooplehead, you know.
Bullock, he's one of those special fucking cases.
You don't know what in fuck's going on in their mind.
And he's big with Montana.
Big.
I heard that today.
Because the news earlier from Yankton and the fucking commissioners wasn't adequately confusing.
Not to mention the fucking telegraph coming in and four whores that I don't know who the fuck they work for.
Three minutes! Shut the fuck up! I suppose I do fucking understand.
So fucking confused and disgusted and wanting it to end and looking for the blessing of a quick way out.
Sets himself to a higher fucking standard than our natures, and he wants execution 'cause he's failed.
One minute! What the fuck happened to two? Talk about one person fucking up another person's entire fucking day.
Wait.
I had best go over.
Wait.
You linger awhile.
Do not think of thieving, huh? Johnny, produce that coal-oil-stinking suit.
Unless you'd rather get it for me.
I wish the fuck you two would let me finish this the way I prefer.
Well, we wish to fuck you would find something else to wish for.
Jesus Christ! I'm unarmed.
He's coming.
He's detained.
- Getting dressed.
- Ain't it always a trial picking out the gown best conceals you fucking pissed yourself? I recommend the six-shooter, being this rifle's first recoil's liable to knock you unconscious with pain.
Thank you.
Selfish cocksucker.
Huh-uh.
That's not to say should the situation deteriorate, you boys wouldn't open fire from concealment, huh? Hardware Jew at less than full force, now they'll be fucking quaking.
I regret the delay.
I was sequestered.
Have been, one thing and another, since last we met.
I also apologize for the stink.
Welcome change from your usual odor of skunk.
I offer these, and I hope you'll wear them a good long fucking time in this fucking camp, whosever fucking thumb we're under.
And where it come to me just a few moments ago that the Reverend Smith may he rest his soul he was found on the road, apparently murdered by heathens just some months ago.
What he said on the subject of you, "Mr.
Bullock raises a camp up, and I hope he'll reside with us and improve our general fucking atmosphere for a good long fucking time, even with all the personal complications and fucking disasters that we all fucking have, and where, running away solves absolutely fucking nothing.
" Did you find my hat? Dolly! Would you look for the sheriff's hat? Remember the Reverend's half-dead face, that cock-eyed look like he was the victim of a lightning stroke, hmm? May she sail it down or would that be degrading? - No.
- Toss it, Dolly.
I wish her aim was as good with her thumb.
When the opportunity offers itself, please return this to Mr.
Bullock.
Yes, ma'am.
- Mr.
Bullock.
- I don't want to talk about it.
As a practical matter, self-censorship of the rigor which obtains from this camp so muzzles the press as to make the First Amendment a hollow superfluity.
Thank you.
She can situate me.
All right.
The man says he's finished, needs to get to his claim.
Four hours work, he's earned two bucks.
Says he wants to take it in pussy.
No, you want cash, Elmer, to convert to pussy at The Gem or Bella Union.
All right, Joanie.
And let it be known in camp, close to pussy as two bucks will get a man in here is a deep whiff walking past.
Hey, can I, uh, get one of those and keep my money? Have at it.
Fan some at him, Rosie, as he's leaving.
Whoo! Mother, it's the ocean! There's a rodent-looking creature lamping one of your barrels.
Pay him no heed.
That's the mayor.
You're tenacious, Merrick, I'll fucking give you that.
Just tell me how it began.
After the conflict's genesis, I'd lay it at cunt's doorstep.
Now, has cunt one "N" and two "T"s or the other way around? Jeez, Al.
You solicited the true account.
Within the limits of decency.
You want the decent truth, huh? I choose to believe that truth and decency need not be at odds.
Oh, you'll hear no argument from me.
Let it help me accumulate capital or, at worst, not interfere, the story is true and decent.
I would define as true and decent in such endeavor, the facts rendered fully within social standards and sensibilities without bias or abridgement.
Why do I imagine a snake swallowing its tail, huh? Which is to say the economic motive is but one strand in the social tapestry my exemplary account would weave.
Ass-fucking the dirt worshippers being another, huh, as a pleasure beyond gain? Now, now, now, now, I, uh Wait, was that your heathen imitation, huh? Jump up and down a few times and shout out "whoops," as in, "Whoops, that ass-fucking hurts.
" A more elevated perspective would construe our conduct as white men to be enacting a manifest destiny.
Whereas the warp, woof and fucking weave of my story's tapestry would foster the illusions of further commerce, hmm? "Tonight, throughout Deadwood heads may be laid to pillow assuaged and reassured, for that purveyor for profit of everything sordid and vicious, Al Swearengen, already beaten to a fare-thee-well earlier in the day by Sheriff Bullock has returned to the sheriff the implements and ornaments of his office.
Without the tawdry walls of Swearengen's saloon The Gem, decent citizens may pursue with a new and jaunty freedom all aspects of Christian commerce.
In which connection, we particularly recommend" There you throw in the names of a few businesses gave you good-sized adverts, huh? May I come in with my boots? Of course.
You haven't slept? I waited for you.
To show the boy when he awakes, I've got these back.
I saw that you installed a bundling board in the bed upstairs.
I did.
I hope you don't mind that I removed it.
No.
"A full fair-mindedness requires us also to report that within The Gem, on Deadwood's main thoroughfare, comely whores, decently priced liquor and the squarest games of chance in the Hills remain unabatedly available at all hours, seven days a week.
"

--- S02E03 ---
You want to know when we're gonna open, Tess? Well, we're gonna open when me and Johnny fucking say so! And you three, hovering around like buzzards outside Al's door, will not hasten the situation.
It was fucking sun up before Al called it quits.
Now, he has earned a sleeping-in.
He locks the door, Dan, when he leaves his office.
Al does not lock the door when he's inside.
That's just the exception that proves the fucking rule.
I suppose.
May I ask, Mr.
Wolcott, what purpose - draws you to our Hills? - Gold.
Gold? I see.
- Morning, Mr.
Utter.
- Morning.
Frequents my buffet religiously.
Yes, I hope to locate and secure an assortment of claims.
An assortment? Shrewd hedging which makes me think this is not your first foray.
If it was, I don't suppose I'd admit it to you.
Only confirming my original impression.
Get his luggage.
My staff will install your possessions.
I thank you.
You bought provisions.
During the night while I was waiting for you to come home.
It's a 24-hour camp.
So I saw.
Certain things I said yesterday, I regret.
I will be grateful if you'd not rely on them.
All right.
Representations I made as to letters I'd written I didn't.
I'll be grateful then if you not rely on my assurance that I got them.
All right.
I'll hold my deepest gratitude, Mr.
Bullock, for what will let us live as we are now.
This oatmeal looks old.
It does, doesn't it? Richardson, God damn you! The oatmeal is clotted.
Well, it's 45 minutes yet till the three hours.
Stop spouting gibberish and replace the damned oatmeal.
I'll make do with the bacon.
A camp like this, one draws one's menials from a small and brackish pool.
Once the pig is digested, perhaps we could pursue a possibility that's come to mind.
If the spirit still moves in you, sure.
Maybe we could do it now? No.
Let's let your mind ripen and mature the possibility first.
The creature I saw outside our place last night, who you said is the camp's mayor, now perches like a vulture over that man at breakfast.
Of course.
Certainly.
Farnum.
He owns the hotel.
Have you affection for Mayor Farnum? - None.
- Good.
Because the man the mayor expects to digest is going to toy and play with Mr.
Farnum from camouflage for as long as he finds it amusing.
And then make him a meal of his own.
- Who is the man? - A trick.
A specialist.
Who asks to be called Mr.
W.
E.
B.
Farnum demanding entry.
- Summon Al.
- He's not summonable.
For the news I bear, he'll be plenty summonable.
Why don't you go on up and summon him yourself, E.
B? Happily.
He's behind lock and key.
You're certain he's within? Called out to my knock, said, "Get the fuck away.
" Fornication demanding discretion or a bribe.
He's fucking alone, and he's gonna stay that way until he chooses to be otherwise.
I think he's fucking poorly.
His voice has got a gravelly timbre.
Want to leave a message? In fact, I do.
Yes.
"Al, if you're not dead and already moldering, I send news to revive you.
A fish to rival the fabled Leviathan has swum into our waters.
Get well soon and we will land the cocksucker together.
Your friend, E.
B.
" You might add as a postscript, "I also have the news you dispatched me to secure of the newly-arrived cunt.
" Please.
- You just move here? - Just yesterday.
I watched the sheriff build this house.
Mr.
Bullock's my pa's brother, that married my mom when my pa got killed.
So now he's my pa and my uncle.
Big trout lives in that deep part down there.
- Damon! - Coming.
My pa and me are going to grow apples in Oregon.
Will you come back? Pa says we ain't never coming back.
Keep your eye on that rainbow.
I call him Jumbo.
Morning, William.
Morning, Mr.
Bullock.
You got your gun and badge back.
I did.
I put them in that basket for you to see.
Did you fight that man again? No.
We didn't have to fight.
That boy is going to Oregon.
There's a trout that loiters just downstream there.
The boy calls him Jumbo.
Maybe after work we can make him pay for his slothful ways.
Does the scope of the find, Mr.
Ellsworth, warrant more than the five-stamp mill we operate with now? Oh, no question, ma'am.
Your holdings justify Just a matter of waiting till the legalities get resolved.
And why would the purchase of a larger machine await legal resolution? Well, ma'am, 'cause without title, you wouldn't own no quartz for your 25-stamp machine to crush.
- Good morning, Mr.
Bullock.
- Good morning.
- Good morning, Sophia.
- Good morning.
Mrs.
Garret has gone to see her claim.
Has she? - Yes, with Mr.
Ellsworth.
- I see.
She asked if I saw you, please to give you this back.
- Sophia can learn on another watch.
- All right.
When opportunity permits, you might inquire of Mrs.
Garret, as few children as are in the camp I take your meaning, Mr.
Bullock.
If she decided it was appropriate, other parties would be delighted and grateful.
Yes, well, she will have to decide that.
Yes.
The camp pugilist.
Fond as I am of you, Joanie, I wouldn't have brought my girls and my own tired ass out here on just your kind invitation.
The trick sweetened the prospect of Mr.
W? He offered on one of my girls to bring her out here.
Being as Mr.
W.
Is chief lookout for George Hearst that struck biggest in the Comstock and Mexico I knew he'd just endorse the camp's future.
Short side, Mr.
W.
Enjoys being cranky with his women.
But sometimes when disappointed his crankiness runs away with him.
What's gonna disappoint him? Devious sort that I am, I've got the girl he's interested in on ice.
Thank you.
Mr.
Wolcott, I'm the custodian note I do not say owner of Wild Bill Hickok's final earthly communication.
It's damp.
Mr.
Wolcott, not an hour before giving me the letter, Bill confided to me, having come upon a quartz deposit promising in Bill's own words "wealth beyond counting.
" How much wealth is that? I don't know, Mr.
Wolcott.
I don't know how high Bill could count.
How much do you want me to pay? I'd hardly expect you to pay anything, imagining rather I will pay you your cost to see the letter delivered to its proper recipient.
Plus $100 set against whatever profits you may generate should delivery prove impossible from the information the letter contains.
So, this set-off against profits I might gain in the event that this letter, proving undeliverable, contains such valuable information, have you an amount in mind? $10,000.
Less the $100 you would pay me? - Correct.
- $9,900 net then, me to you.
- Yes.
- And I would pay you that now before attempting the letter's delivery? Oh, yes.
Once you have the letter, all my connection to it is severed.
I see.
To deliver it or not, or whatever the hell you want to do.
Well, you will have my decision shortly.
- Fine then.
- Uh, for the luggage.
Oh no.
I wouldn't hear of it.
It was my great pleasure.
I trust I will, uh, hear from you soon.
I see now what it takes to bring you back into my life.
Just passing through, Mr.
Star.
Even so, it makes a man glad he has three limbs left to be damaged.
Morning.
A man can get me in his life with five bucks.
$2, if he just needs a handshake.
Good morning.
- Morning.
- Morning.
Trixie! Many thanks.
Ah.
How bad does that pain? - It's all right.
- I'm in my house, Sol.
With Martha and the boy? Chose not to put 'em in the thoroughfare.
Or, I see what you're asking.
Far as her having a different opinion, possibly, once I showed up no, she chose to stay.
Well, good.
Anyways, could you open up? Sure.
Glad to.
Any help with your person? No, I'm all right.
Swearengen said the county commissioners are all from Yankton.
When was this? Just before we hit the mud.
It's wrong the Hills get no representation.
Even in an Eden like this, wrongs sometimes occur.
I meant maybe we should try to do something about it.
I'm with you.
God damn it, Al! Such as they are, my arts cannot be practiced at this remove.
Stop being a baby! Any secrets that you feel need keeping will not be betrayed by me.
Doc.
Trixie.
Rest, uninterrupted.
No visits, no exception.
From his fray with Bullock he's poorly, or his trouble with his prick? If you can get him to grant you entry, maybe you will confide that to me.
It's Trixie that's overheard the Doc's instruction.
So let me just shout my information from here.
Nobody is dead.
Bullock's gone to that house he built.
Star is on his feet, more or less.
Anyways, I'm gonna stay on the ear over to the hardware store.
Yeah.
Fucking telegraph poles, Al, are next thing to landed in the fucking thoroughfare.
Next leap of the creature, they'll be here.
All right, Al.
- Where's fucking Dolly? - Fucking.
- When was she last with him? - Daybreak, just before he give Bullock back his iron.
We've seen him after she did.
You brew him my fucking tea.
Put it on a tray, take it up to him - and make him fucking drink it.
- All right.
If he don't present himself in a few hours, kick down the door and get the fucking Doc in there.
I'm Lila.
Welcome to the Bella Union.
I'm Francis Wolcott, which I would be grateful if you would tell your employer.
This is Francis Wolcott, Cy.
Cy Tolliver, Mr.
Wolcott.
How do you do, and what will you drink? Kentucky bourbon if you got it.
Pour Mr.
Wolcott a bourbon, Jack, - and tell him it's from Kentucky.
- Kentucky bourbon.
- Straight up? - Please.
Shall we have Lila drink with us, or would you like to drink with Lila alone? I would rather we two converse privately.
Just talk now, sir? I'm not that kind of fella.
Maybe you're just waiting for the right offer.
It's late in the game, but I suppose anything is possible.
Will you take the air? If I'm to lose my virtue, I'd as soon do it outside these walls.
You've approached a group in San Francisco that does business with my employer.
That group and employer bullshit really quickens me with fucking trust.
That group you've approached is a fraternal Chinese organization.
"Tong" is not a clever enough word? You offered them a contract to send members to this camp.
That organization has a preexisting arrangement with my employer.
So you work for who, Wolcott? The railroads, some mining combination that brings those slant-eyes in by the boatload? No, sir.
I work for one man.
Jesus Christ.
Doesn't every one of us? George Hearst.
I meant no disrespect of any kind to you or Mr.
Hearst by any word I've said from the moment we have met.
I understand that.
I have nothing but respect for Mr.
Hearst.
He's in the Comstock of Montana, every other place he's ever operated, without jape or jest.
And the overture you made to the group in San Francisco showed imagination and foresight and a tolerance for risk that was impressive to Mr.
Hearst.
We want to work with you here.
- You do? - Yes, we do.
Con Stapleton, Leon! Get over here and meet a fucking gentleman.
Those two work for me now among the Celestials, setting up that miserable cocksucker to get knocked off his high horse.
- Con, Leon.
- I don't want to meet them.
Go inside.
Meet me inside.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir, Mr.
Tolliver.
Just go on in, fellas.
My only contact is with you.
As far as they're concerned, you and Mr.
Hearst don't even exist.
As far as you're concerned, Cy, in the tasks you'll be performing for him, Mr.
Hearst doesn't either.
Who? Wake up.
Take account you're indoors.
Here.
That's water now.
Get it the fuck away from me then.
Drink it and don't be stupid.
Oh, Christ, are we arrested? I explained all this to you, Jane, that I'm the fucking deputy, and I fixed up the overflow cell in case you come back.
Shut up then.
And you replied I was boring the shit out of you 'cause Doc already told you all about it.
Well, evidently, I don't remember fuck-all.
No.
'Cause after every other fucking thing we went through last night, you got to make us stop at that new joint across from Nuttall's.
Would you kindly shut your fucking mouth? Hey, what the fuck's Bill's coat doing here? Well, he wouldn't have seen it useless or a souvenir.
I figured I'd give it work keeping the bed warm.
Uh, where is it headed now I'm the occupant? It ain't going anywheres.
Thank you, Charlie.
It's cool.
Sit outside.
Wide knees.
Are we gonna argue? We're partners, ain't we, Maddie? Ain't that a lot of planning and thinking to not let your partner in on? Not sharing it before I even knew the trick was in camp don't put me wrong, Joanie.
It don't put you right, far as an atmosphere of trust.
Joanie, was there any odds when me and my girls got out here that you might have told us you'd changed your mind? I guess there was a chance.
Or I'd have found you dead or moved along? No chance on moved along.
Only way to guarantee an outcome, honey, is contracting to be fucked.
Everything else is a chance including me letting you down.
But if I do, using my head won't be the tip-off.
How will you bring the girl into it? At the trick's fierce insistence.
What's our split? What's the girl's end? I wouldn't rule out a wooden box.
Timely purchase.
That's our last in stock.
Goddamn out-thinking myself resupplying in smaller orders.
You've been dealing with a few uncertainties.
If the claims get allowed or they don't, or Yankton stacks the commissioners or not, we're either in business or we ain't, and if we are, you reduce costs buying in volume.
- Your old man? - On his death bed in fucking Vienna.
Fellas.
- On the mend? - Doing better, thank you.
Hope you are too.
We was gonna thin these inquiries yesterday before that trouble with Bummer Dan.
We've been gonna thin them for several weeks.
Is Farnum's slop-house okay? Jane is sleeping a load off in my place.
Inquiries from other jurisdictions, we've been somewhat remiss.
Whose that fella said "Never put off till tomorrow - what will wait till the day after"? - Not my old man.
To buy the Hickok letter.
Wonderful.
Uh, I'll have a bill of sale.
Well, certainly, sir.
Of course.
For reasons of legal nicety, we'll say you're purchasing the right to deliver.
You got to let me get to your piss-pot, Al.
Otherwise, when your mood changes, you're fucking gonna yell at me for not doing it.
I think I should get the doc, Al.
You need to let the doc in.
You need to let him see to you.
When I was sick, the doc helped me.
And you ain't fucking yelled since then my foot's dragging.
Fuck this, right, Doc? - Fuck it.
- Dan! You need to fucking break the door down! - Now? - Isn't that what I just fucking said? - Al! - If I was you, Doc, I would get out of the fucking way! Ow! Jesus fucking Christ! - You all right? - I think I broke my fucking shoulder.
Would you open up my case? Al? Al, Al? - Do we need to get him laudanum? - Please.
All right, Al.
All right.
It's all right.
"Please don't let up on the Stackpole case, as I'm sure he's out there.
" - No idea.
- I never heard of it either.
All the portions you had on your plate, I hesitated to fucking inquire.
I couldn't have helped if you had.
Fuck the Stackpole case then, and the letter from Arapaho County concerning it, which goes in the fucked-case file.
I'd like to buy Mr.
Farnum's hotel.
To do what with, Mrs.
Garret? To renovate and make my residence.
I can think of better locations, ma'am, with friendlier views.
None that would offer the further pleasure of putting Mr.
Farnum in the thoroughfare.
I expect a man like Farnum finds quarters pretty easy.
I would expect even with his venality satisfied, a man like Farnum would feel himself dispossessed and unanchored.
I think he'd be very sad, and I would like to see him in that condition.
I guess most of us got enough luck to be too broke to act on them type ideas.
What type ideas do you refer to? The type the lowborn would say we get when we're pissed off.
Although my own aristocratic lineage causes me to use the term "sore-disappointed.
" I am pissed off.
Well, last turns the wheel has took for you, ma'am, I would say you've come by it honest.
If punching somebody in the nose would help, I'll volunteer one that's well broke in.
Safely returned.
- Is he here too? - No.
He's my friend, Trixie.
Among other fucking things.
Anyways I wonder could you teach me to do accounts? All right.
I'll pay you.
Or you can take it out in cunt.
I won't teach you if you keep that up.
Fuck every fucking one of you.
I wish I was a fucking tree.
Mr.
Wolcott.
Mr.
Farnum.
The contents of that letter are a deep disappointment.
Not a word of any find or promising location.
You opened it then? Are you trifling with me? It occurs to me, sir, this conversation were best had elsewhere.
- But not postponed? - Not postponed, Mr.
Wolcott, no.
We are men, sir.
When we disagree, we come to resolution promptly.
- Where are we going? - The Gem Saloon.
- It's just over there.
- Please take your hand off my shoulder.
Some ancient Italian maxim fits our situation, whose particulars escape me.
Is the gist that I'm shit out of luck? Did they speak that way then? Oh, for the love of God! Please, won't you sit down? So you would have me take the experience then as a lesson, dearly purchased? I should tell you, Mr.
Wolcott, I have seen men in this very camp, feeling themselves victimized, seek redress in fashions I thought imprudent.
- Violently, you mean? - Thus, at the lesson, dearly bought as you would have it, is where I would leave this business.
In any case, I was an intermediary in this transaction.
Ah, then, having been a pupil, it falls to you now to instruct your principal.
I wonder, Mr.
Wolcott, if some second letter couldn't be drafted to put some sharper point on the lesson, maybe remunerative to both of us.
So your idea would be that we fuck Mr.
Hearst twice? I missed the name, sir, but I can aver as a general principle, my days of fucking anyone are long in the past, whomever you represent.
George Hearst, of the Ophir Find in the Comstock.
Of course, I know George Hearst.
- Oh, you know him personally? - I do not know him, not personally.
But of course I know of George Hearst and his reputation and accomplishments and wealth, and his power and reputation.
And I would say, as well, most importantly, I have nothing to teach that man.
George Hearst need learn no lesson from me.
Nor would I permit him entrance into a lesson, either inadvertently or by accident, I wouldn't subsequently and immediately cancel him back out of.
Or his agent or intermediary.
Mr.
Hearst doesn't renege on contracts.
Then what am I to do? What am I to do, Mr.
Wolcott, but to admit a terrible and tragic miscalculation and supplicate myself and beg mercy and understanding and forgiveness? And to aver, if you would contemplate, any separate or side transaction or understanding.
Remove your hand from my forearm.
Do not touch me again.
I look poor, but that is a cultivated pose and posture.
I am not poor and I am not stingy when fundamental interests are at stake as a complete aside.
There is a service you could do Mr.
Hearst that would set off exactly against the funds he might otherwise believe you fleeced him of.
Anything, sir.
This service would enlist you and one or two others, circulating certain rumors about the future of the camp.
In particular, about the validity of the present titles to the claims.
Done.
Consider me enlisted.
Consider the validity called into question.
I also wish to know the location of your highest-end brothel.
As it happens, a whorehouse succeeding to that title has just opened.
Nothing just happens, Mr.
Farnum.
Do you think this hat makes my head look big? No, sir.
It makes your head look the perfect size.
Thank you.
You're gonna find out something now about yourselves and your fellow man, how you handle adversity or rumors of adversity or ill fortune, or turns of luck.
And I'm not going to further rumor or be a party to that bullshit.
You want to know where I stand? You just look the fuck where I'm standing.
You'll find out all you need to know.
I ain't going anywhere! And if anyone else wants to, two weeks fucking severance is waiting for you right fucking now.
You step the fuck up! Step right the fuck up! Now, that shows me something.
But any time, day or night, anyone wants to fucking waver or fucking change their minds, you just step right the fuck up and get your severance.
Let's open the fuck up and get it while we can, all right? - Open up! - Open up! You heard him! Let's go! What are you gonna do to him? Pass this instrument through his penis into his bladder.
If he has stones, it will click against the metal instrument.
Assuming I can hear the clicks above his screams, I will have identified the cause of his obstruction.
To what fucking end? To the end that if I think he will die otherwise of cutting him open above the pubis and taking out the stones.
Which will probably kill him anyways.
What shall I say to you, Trixie, that I'm sure of a happy outcome for Al and every one of us? Minute for us, Mr.
Tolliver? What is it? Come in and shut the door.
What the fuck is it? Anything you want to tell us, Mr.
T? I told you all I want to tell you outside.
Well, believe me, uh, you don't have waverers standing in front of you, or doubters or, uh, anyone looking for fucking severance.
- Just the opposite.
- What does that mean? You looking for a raise? Uh, well, what's going on, I suppose is Leon's question, Mr.
Tolliver.
The truth is, my questions is answered 90%.
And as for the rest, I'm gonna get good and fucking loaded and let the devil take the hindmost.
If you fucking walk out of here, us two are gonna have words.
And more than words at my first opportunity, because this was 90% his idea to come in here.
Somebody better turn over a hole card.
Both of us took a real positive impression, sir, of the talk you give us just recently here in your office.
Yeah, relative to this talk you just concluded.
And? And I guess you'd say a wonderment with us is if we mistook the tone of one talk or the other, and if so, which? I dispute that one fucking thing changed between those two talks as to my attitude and resolve.
Did the facts of the camp situation change? Not to my certain knowledge.
But if you're asking in the interim, have I been privy to a rumor far as claims being invalidated, all titles thrown out, the answer is yes.
Well, that would account for it.
But the only goddamn fact that I'm aware of is I never knew any man ate a rumor or clothed himself with one or secured himself a piece of pussy.
Well, rumors are not facts.
So if any gutless cocksucker tumbles to what is going on and decides he wants to cut and run, sell his fucking holdings, you tell him to come see me.
Just say Cy Tolliver will buy whatever he's fucking selling if he has that little faith in the camp, or rumors of judicial invalidation, or the panic that will ensue from that.
Go ahead, boys.
Go on outside and do your jobs.
That's all we can fucking do right now.
And not waver.
Ah.
Now that's fucking progress.
Cocksucker upstairs, across the way, whorehouse where I work He is a fucking cocksucker.
- Locks the fucking door so people can't get to help him.
Fucking ashamed to be sick! You know he had a design to murder that little one.
No, I didn't.
Hell, yes, he had a design.
Charlie and me spirited her from camp, forced him to a second victim more suitable to his cocksucker's purpose.
Think they're any different if they've had their fucking dicks cut on? They ain't no fucking different.
You got to like their friends or they won't teach you numbers or every other fucking regulation they set! Anyways.
Far as it fucking goes, he also brought the cripple from that orphanage.
Uh what orphanage? And don't buy his bullshit about the 9c trick.
- What cripple? - Jewel that he says he's got around against some hooplehead only having 9c and wanting a piece of pussy.
That ain't it.
Why she's around is it's his sick fucking way of protecting her.
I'm gonna get whiskey.
There's entries on both side of the fucking ledger is the fucking point, as I already talk like a fucking Jew! Shaping up to be a nice cool evening.
Maybe he has a good side to him too that I entirely fucking missed.
It's always fucking possible, drunk as I am fucking continuously.
It's nice to see you.
- You returned his timepiece.
- Yes.
I thought I had told you.
You did, Miss Isringhausen.
I'm recurring to the topic, hoping you will be more expansive.
He accepted the timepiece, ma'am, and raised another subject you and I ought pursue at some different moment.
Must I credit the right of that "ought," Miss Isringhausen, or may I suspect you enjoy setting terms? Terms, ma'am? Playing arbiter of the when and why of things.
Pursuing the second subject Mr.
Bullock raised, Mrs.
Garret, might upset a person now present, junior to you and me.
I cannot imagine how such a pursuit could be any more upsetting than the atmosphere of relentless disapproval that you so consistently generate.
I've no further need of your services, Miss Isringhausen.
I'll say goodnight then to you and Sophia.
My preference is your saying goodbye.
I wonder, ma'am if having made so many decisions so quickly, your patience may be short just now.
And I'd appeal to you to reconsider your preferences in the morning.
In any case, you'll want to retire to your room.
I hope you'll recall that I've traveled from Chicago to enter your employ and have no emergent prospects.
We'll come to some arrangement.
All right.
I'll say goodnight then.
As is your custom without having spared one affectionate look for my child.
My training, ma'am, is that being engaged to see to the child's education, my soliciting her affections would intrude on the mother's province.
And I would call that a logical distinction, Miss Isringhausen, having nothing to do with the way people live.
The people downstairs are scared.
Are they? Off your talk.
They think you believe the camp's in jeopardy.
I ain't answerable for misinterpretations.
The truth is, Lila, the weather is getting better, and it looks to stay mild a spell.
Old Cy has outlasted the cocksuckers one more time.
If it was in me to kid myself, I'd take this for proving God loves me.
I believe He loves us.
Do you, sweetheart? Did His hand lead me buying and turning you out? That's a lovely thought.
Next you're in touch, would you put the good word in? I do.
I pray for you every night.
All right, stupid, time to shut your fucking mouth.
Shut your fucking mouth now and turn over and close your eyes.
Lift your leg.
Languid and open for adventure.
In your case, Atlantis, present the tits a little more.
Can you hold that for half an hour? I've been holding this my whole fucking life.
- Mr.
W.
- Hello.
You jumped the gun on our opening by half an hour, but I believe we can make an exception.
My partner Joanie.
- How do you do? - How do you do? Our caller fancies Basil's Bourbon, Joanie, which is hid beneath the floorboard at the bar.
All right.
Won't you sit? I don't know that I will.
- Where is she? - Carrie's been detained.
Detained? You don't need me telling you Carrie's mind's her own.
We hit Cheyenne and she stopped to see a relative.
Basil Hayden hid beneath the floorboards as advertised.
Would you get out of my sight, please? How close a relative is she fucking in Cheyenne? - She's coming soon, Mr.
W.
- Is her arrival imminent? A matter of days.
How many days are in a matter? Would fucking something else fill the time? Yeah, how much you cost? I ain't for sale, sir.
But I would fuck you for free.
I have to say you ain't my type.
Do you stand there, Mr.
W.
, saying you're dead solid sure you'll not ever again be surprised till you've completed your earthly course? Ain't that presumptuous, sir? And ain't our quoted fee, to surprise you, fair and just? I always pay for pussy.
Well, I may let you then, if you go ahead and twist my arm.
You pay extra for that? Do unhand me.
I, Mr.
W who I just unhanded and Mr.
Basil Hayden do not wish to be disturbed.
You want me back where I was? She kills that fucking cocksucker, I'm gonna be working for the rest of my life.
Richardson, Richardson, Richardson.
When will come the quiet hours of our declining years? I'm talking to you, dimwit.
I wasn't listening.
Richardson, won't you sit yourself? Allow me to take up your labors.
I am confiding that turbulence, upheaval of the most violent sort, churning seas, waves of a scale and force to make the most seasoned seafarer vomit bleah are in prospect for this camp.
And, we, Richardson, you, I, and tragically others so very many others who journeyed to the Hills to stake their claims, and with those claims their hopes for the future are but pawns of the savage sea and playthings of the fucking deep.
Not for us, apparently, the placid harbor, on which voyages, near complete to bob and rot, bob and rot, be calmed.
For us, to the very end, the dizzying surges of the storm and its crashing descents! Do you understand me, you repulsive lout? - No.
- The claims, Richardson.
They're being overturned.
Save those few who dispose of their holdings before word circulates.
Destitution looms! Oh dear.
Yes, yes.
Even you now recognize the situation.
Ah well.
Take the rest of the night off, Richardson.
Thank you, sir.
But confide in no one! About the claims! Would we have even more fun naked? Or I could, and you could stay dressed.
Or the opposite.
Who am I? You're Mr.
W.
Your boss struck bigger than anyone in the Comstock and Mexico.
So you being here puts a shine to this camp's prospects.
Unbutton my shirt.
Yes, sir.
Do not look at my face.
No, sirree.
Shall I tell you who I work for? As you wish.
If you do, how shall I occupy myself while you're doing it? The same as if I don't.
For me to judge? As you wish.
Your shirt buttons are your big interest? Or shall we advance to these buttons here? And shall I hazard an approach I rarely find ill-received? No.
Shall I hazard an approach I myself, I never remember refusing? And will you supervise closely? Mr.
W.
, I am gonna take that as a yes.
No.
Take it as a no.
Nuts! What a tiny corner of operation for such an amusing mind.
I'll promise as I sojourn here to bring you stories of the world of men.
I'll just be here in my girl's world diddling myself.
I admire you coming armed.
Hmm.
I'm gonna pass this through your penis up into your bladder, Al, and I'm gonna say this to you once I'm sorry for how it hurts.
Goddamn it, hold him still! Mother of God! Help me! Mother of God! Fuck you, Johnny! Get in there and fucking help him! What am I supposed to do? Put your hand in his mouth! Let him bite your fucking hand! All right, Al.
I'm in your bladder.
I can hear the fucking stone.
I'm gonna try now to move the stone to release your water, so you push now if you can, son.
Oh God! Mother, take me! Push now if you can.
Get your water flowing.
I'm trying! Help me.
Christ! I'll fucking kill you, Doc! - You take it out of him! - Shut up! All right.
I can see some fucking urine with the blood.
Good for you.
Is he all right now? Is he cured now? It's fucking something, anyway.
Is that something anyway, Doc? All right, Al, I'm gonna take it out of you.
You hold on and it won't hurt so bad.
He put something out of himself, Trixie.
Now, that's something anyway.
Is it out of him? Well, that instrument is out of him.
And what of the fucking stone? I didn't see no fucking stone come out.

--- S02E04 ---
Let me light the lamp.
I've misplaced my boots.
I put them downstairs by the kitchen door.
I was asleep when you took them and did that.
Yes.
Would you rather I not? No.
No.
Only I had intended to be awake last night so we could talk, which, what with how it's been, we have not done in the peace of the evening as I would like, since your arrival.
I would enjoy to converse in the stillness, after the day, like that.
Tonight I will have two cups of coffee, and I will not fall asleep.
In the morning in the quiet before we each take up our work, is also a pleasant occasion for such intercourse.
Yes.
Would you like to start a discussion this morning? I wouldn't want to disturb the boy.
William sleeps soundly.
If you will see to the bedroom door Mr.
Bullock? Have I killed him? First, the dead don't shiver.
And next, you just done what he asked.
Ain't it more likely what turned him worse is underlying woe than a thumb up his ass attempting his fucking relief? Go on, get the fuck out of here.
It's all right, honey.
Hello.
What's your business? I'm Francis Wolcott.
My name's Ellsworth, Mr.
Francis Wolcott.
- Can you hear me? - Yes, sir.
How do you do? - I'm well.
Glad you make me out.
- Yes, sir.
Because them as poke around Mrs.
Garret's workings without a by-your-leave ain't welcome, Mr.
Wolcott, and you ought not to repeat your fucking mistake.
Well, that's an uncivil response to an innocent error.
Did you work in the Comstock when you was beardless? - I did.
- For Mr.
George Hearst, as a keen eye for the color? As a geologist for Mr.
Hearst.
Well, you have the advantage of me, Mr.
Ellsworth.
That ain't a possibility, Wolcott.
No more than an error of yours would be innocent.
I do dimly recall an Ellsworth superintended the Consolidated Virginia operations.
I don't give a fuck what you recall.
A hero.
Dug a week without respite to save three poor souls from a cave-in.
And 46 corpses in a fucking hole that ought never to have been dug.
Always a choice to count the saved or lost.
Get off this property! Just as a man opposed to inevitable change needn't invariably be called a Luddite, another choice might be simply to describe him as slow in his processes.
You tell that cocksucker you work for the next surrogate he sends oughtn't to be bloodied from the Comstock.
The noise is terrible, isn't it, Mr.
Ellsworth? Like fate.
"Ox, box, fox.
" Nora's attentions are wandering.
If I were you, I'd bribe her with candy.
Good morning.
Please come in, Miss Isringhausen.
Will you have a seat? Do you remain of a mind, ma'am, to dispense with my services? I have immense respect for your training and intelligence, Miss Isringhausen, and gratitude for your efforts toward Sophia's education.
I am ill-suited temperamentally to collaborate with you as women in our positions must do.
I see.
I propose to pay you six months' wages severance and an additional $200 against the expense of your journey here and return to Chicago.
While you're making your arrangements, I will also continue to pay for your room here at the hotel.
As to those terms, Mrs.
Garret, your behavior is very fair.
Miss Isringhausen, Cotton Mather would have found hard and joyless the standards you so resolutely apply to me and Sophia, and of course to yourself.
I wish you very well.
- Thank you, madam.
- Would you I will not say goodbye to Sophia, to spare her upset.
Dan.
E.
B.
Coffee? Please.
I'll be candid, Dan.
I did not sleep well last night.
I heard screaming from Al's room.
Happens up there many a fucking evening.
Well, Al was fucking screaming, Dan.
And I'm wondering how he's feeling this morning.
And you dancing around the pole ain't allaying my fucking anxieties.
Well, do you hear any screams from him now? Silence ain't proof either way.
Take no tongue with me, E.
B.
, or I'll slap you fucking silly! He's on the mend, and he ain't fucking receiving.
- That's all I was fucking asking.
- That's your fucking answer.
Convey my joy and tell him numerous scores await.
Soft fucking day, Dan.
Morning, Crop Ear.
Oh sorry Eamon.
Take a good look.
Ain't growing back.
Is he about? Al's out early.
Looking at a place in Gayville.
Oh, yeah? You must seize fortune by the forelock, Dan.
That's why I'm here, to put a matter before him.
You know I'll not waste the man's time.
No, you won't.
That's some fucking way you have about you, Dan.
Now, you could either say your piece to me and Johnny, or you can get the fuck out of here.
I'll say it gladly, and hope you'll commend my words to him who's in Gayville at the earliest opportunity.
I contemplate a piece of activity.
I need to organize some reliable fellows, locate a right place to waylay that metal.
- Well, I'll let him know.
- 25%.
One full quarter of the proceeds in total go to Al Swearengen, the Gem Saloon, or you and Johnny as the fucking case may be.
You may need to clean the wax out of your holes, because I said I will let him know.
When do you suppose I could expect a favor of a response? Tomorrow afternoon.
He's overnight in Gayville then? Then tomorrow afternoon it is.
Getting particular of where he was gone, I realize now, it was a fucking mistake, which happened because I'm so fucking upset.
From this point forward, I'll handle that earless cunt.
Top two bags.
May I help you with your bags, miss? No, you can't.
Or look at me or talk to me until I've took a bath.
Well, follow the quagmire then, ma'am.
The establishment you want is the last on the right.
Take this lady's luggage to the Chez Amis.
Yes, sir.
Do not look at her or talk to her until she's bathed.
Mr.
Wolcott.
Deceptively fair weather given the devastating rumors.
Less volume, Mr.
Farnum.
More conviction.
Yes.
- Your hotel? - Yes, it is, sir.
- Your luggage? - Yes.
May I install it in one of our better rooms? Please.
Direct me to the Bella Union.
Not 50 yards as the bird flies, or a man is led on by his prick, or needing to test his luck.
To whom shall I assign the room? Hugo Jarry.
E.
B.
Farnum, owner-proprietor.
Also mayor, though that position is largely ceremonial.
Lawrence County Commissioner.
The position is real.
Hello, Jarry.
Commissioner Jarry.
Commissioner Jarry now, yes, as of the last five days.
Delighted to find you here, Adams.
You could have known my next whereabouts if you had talked to me in Yankton, where I sat outside your office for half a fucking day.
It seemed to many of us in Yankton that in the aftermath of Magistrate Clagett's disappearance, you chose different companions.
Last I saw Clagett, he rode in here with General Crook.
I figured he left with him, too.
And perhaps was plucked up subsequently from amidst the troops by savages? Yes, such moonlight treachery being their stealthy hallmark.
Maybe he took a bribe from someone, didn't hold up his end, got his just desserts.
That's of no personal interest to me or anyone in Yankton, any more than your choice of companions.
If you're trying to freeze out Swearengen before the governor makes his play, you are betting the wrong way.
Someone certainly is.
Anyways, I'll tell him I saw you.
I have a close schedule.
Otherwise, I'd pay the respects myself.
I wonder if you will let me pass.
I only hope, Marvin, you ain't privy to information that I ain't.
$600 U.
S.
Dollars, Mr.
Tolliver.
Claim 16 above Discovery.
That ain't responsive to my previous fucking statement, young man.
I'll tell you what, sir.
It's the fucking altitude that's got to me.
I see.
Nosebleeds and every fucking thing else.
Well, your health's got to come first.
Leon! Light as my kit has got, we can go ahead and say done.
$600, Con.
Right here, sir.
Jesus Christ, don't pay it to me.
Marvin here will shoot us both.
Here you go, Marvin.
You lettered, Marvin? I'm up to making my "X," sir.
Con, you sign as witness.
Will do, sir.
Don't be looking over my shoulder when I'm signing my fucking X! Don't ever say that to me again.
You surprised yourself.
It's what happened.
I don't want to hear it spoken of, because it darkens my thoughts.
About who you're partnered with? Exactly.
They get led by their dicks.
Our cunts lead us, we lose our only edge.
That wasn't what was going on.
Was it worse? Were you angry at him, Joanie? Was that what surprised you, how angry you were that George Hearst's second was a cruel and evil man? Did you think maybe you'd shoot him to get us little people even? I took that gun into the room with me to protect myself.
Who fucking asked you to go into the room with him? Nobody gets even.
We get dead.
And before I go, I intend a long and comfortable retirement, and that cocksucker is gonna pay the freight.
Something terrible is going to happen here.
You don't even know the girl he wants to harm.
You stay the fuck out of it.
He tipped you! This whole place smells like shit.
It is no disloyalty to be a realist, Richardson.
We are mortal.
One hopes for the best.
One perseveres.
One reevaluates constantly.
One is an asshole if one doesn't.
Loyalty expanded is not loyalty betrayed.
I contemplate no disloyalty to Al Swearengen.
I feel exposed.
I don't like being weak, and I know that I am.
I yearn to rely on a stronger will.
I fear what I'm capable of in its absence.
Whereas you, Richardson, know nothing of yourself.
Are you shitting or going blind? Or on foot or horseback? You vile fucking lump! Bury that offal in the shepherd's pie.
Oh, God damn it.
- May I go up today? - Unh-uh.
How long is my fucking sentence? Any messages? Is there any fucking chance you and me don't end up in blood? Any of you realizing that the sun don't rise and set on me and you? What the fuck does that fucking mean? Means there may be other fucking factors factored into my decision-making.
Besides the fact that I find you to be a pain in the balls, personally.
Please report Commissioner Jarry from Yankton has arrived to the camp and intends to fuck Al up the ass.
Said he to you while doing the same? It is important that he hear that.
You do him disservice not to tell.
Listen, Adams.
Al is fucked up bad.
May be dying.
- Jesus.
- Goddamn right, Jesus.
Them stones have done plumb blocked off his piss passage.
Fuck.
- Okay, all right.
- It's all backed up in him.
Hey, shit, he's got piss in his lungs.
- Can he talk? - Fuck no, he can't talk.
He just lays there and shivers and stares at nothing.
He screams when Doc abuses him with them fucking prick poles of his.
Sorry I broke your balls.
Well, I'll see to it he gets your news if he gets to a point I think he can understand my meaning.
Listen, how's how's your little buddy, - the one I put the beating on? - Hawkeye.
- Yeah, Hawkeye.
- He'll live.
It's something anyway.
Morning, ma'am.
- Good morning, Mr.
Ellsworth.
- I'm sorry I'm late.
I hope you spent a restful night.
I did.
And you're forgiven.
But this morning, I note an amount of confusion and anxiety abound, and words of panic about Yankton's disposition of the claims.
Panic's easier on the back than the short-handled shovel.
I see.
The Creator, in His infinite wisdom, Mrs.
Garret, salted His works so that where gold was, there also you would find rumor.
Though He decreed just as firm that the opposite wouldn't always hold.
You understand, I needn't be comforted at the expense of the truth.
I'm late, ma'am, over shooing a man away from your diggings named Francis Wolcott, that scouts for George Hearst, who wouldn't spare attention for a camp or the sun itself if he didn't think it likely to fill his coffers.
Nor the sort that would shrink from a lie, or more than one, to advance his purpose, or be ignorant of how to circulate his falsehoods without anyone knowing their source.
And now I come to camp to hear the waters called muddy and the current quickened, though I see no change in the creek.
And the "hooples," certain sure the flood crest fast approaches, have begun to think keenly, "I'll get ahead of the event.
Maybe I'll sell my claim at discount.
" Anything to unharness so they can head for the higher ground.
Myself, ma'am, I'd be betting that the levee will hold.
Did you speak of it to Mr.
Bullock, Mama? Not yet, William.
Will you speak of it today? Good morning, Mr.
Bullock.
Good morning.
Oatmeal Seth? Please Martha.
Mr.
Bullock, Mother was wanting a kitchen garden, which I would have care of.
Have you chosen a spot yet? I paced one out in the back of the house, sir.
Yesterday, I would have broken the ground, but from wanting the tools.
Would you like to go now and tell Mr.
Star you need shovel, hoe and a rake? Yes, sir.
Do you recall your way to the hardware store? I do, sir.
Is it okay if I go now, Mama? Mrs.
Garret.
Mr.
Farnum.
Mrs.
Garret? What male would not trade our small superiority of intellect to possess that gift of intuition so bountifully bestowed on the lesser sex? Mr.
Farnum, your meaning is beyond me.
I imagine you, madam, awakening the other morning, suddenly and for no earthly reason, convinced the camp was at peril.
"My gold should be spirited to Denver," I imagine you thinking, maybe as you brushed your hair, and without worrying the conviction or studying upon it, sending the gold away.
At peril? Mr.
Farnum, the camp? Oh, your meaning is beyond me.
Ma'am, if a Nubian genie were at my disposal, I would see his great nigger fingers whisk up my hotel and deposit it in Denver, just as you did your gold.
Because the camp's at peril? Yes, Madam, yes.
Peril.
And worse than peril.
Perhaps you should sell.
Mrs.
Garret, had I your intuition, would I not have done.
I'll buy it.
Aren't you wonderful and kind and intuitive and generous.
No, I couldn't burden you nor impose upon your generosity, tremendously wealthy as you are.
Name your price, Mr.
Farnum.
We'll close the transaction now.
Madam, now you unsettle and trifle with me.
Ungh and make me nervous and uncertain.
My intention is quite otherwise, - and intuition.
- Oh, your intuition? Name your price.
How do you males put it "Shit or get off the chamber pot"? Oh, Mrs.
Garret shit, indeed.
Oh dear.
Unless, Mr.
Farnum Unless, what, madam? Do you reconsider? No, no.
I would understand.
It's your sex's prerogative.
Unless, I meant to say, you're lying about the camp's peril? Lying? I? But why would you do that? Exactly.
You will make a price for me then.
Let me consider, Mrs.
Garret.
Don't, Mr.
Farnum.
Trust your instincts.
I'll have you in a dress in no time.
Miserable, haughty cunt.
Putting me beyond my depth.
We've come to a crisis, Al, and I have to say my peace.
The stones can be excised surgically in one of two ways.
The so-called "high method," which cuts into the bladder from above your penis, and the other which enters from below.
- Below what, Doc? - His balls.
So the "low" entails cutting through his 'tain't.
Now, I have seen the high method performed.
I assisted at a closing, afterwards discussed it with the surgeon.
Come to it, that is the one that I would prefer.
- Al's with you.
- How did he indicate it? A hard blink for the upper and a scowl for cutting through his 'tain't.
With a knife in expert hands, two men in 10 survive the procedure we contemplate.
But at what point, without intervention, will your condition so worsen as to put you beyond recovery? I believe we have approached that point.
I am not an expert, but I will give it my best effort, and I ask you now for your consent should we need to proceed.
He's with you, Doc.
He wants the upper.
Hey, that's it.
That's the final call.
Right, Al? The upper? He wants the upper.
Well, I guess you better go make ready.
All right.
All right.
Come with me, Johnny.
- Help me with the stove.
- Sure.
Sure, Doc.
As to claims filed and worked prior to the new treaty in essence from when the Hills still belonged to the Sioux the presumption of legitimacy will apply, subject to qualification, according to mitigating facts.
In short, with no controlling principle being invoked, title will be determined on a case-by-case basis.
When claims are overturned, new title will be awarded at said prices, via lottery, to those submitting verified offers.
I only hope territorial officials will be excluded from eligibility.
- Yes.
- Better tell your friends and relatives to pick their lucky suits out for that drawing.
Only after Mr.
Wolcott's have picked out theirs.
Of course, anticipation of the forthcoming judicial holding may itself largely cleanse the market.
It's always preferable to allow the market to operate unimpeded.
Would that argue for allowing word of my presence to circulate a bit before presenting myself officially? Man might use that time to put some stink on his johnson.
Hello? Down here.
Behind the counter.
Taking inventory.
I can't do a lesson today.
All right.
He's too sick.
Maybe he'll fucking die.
But I can't stay.
But it would be smart to stay and learn to calculate interest on that accommodation paper and those fucking discount notes - and whatever the fuck - Another time.
It's fine, Trixie.
- Did I hurt your shoulder? - No.
I gotta go.
Want to go out for a bit? She says Swearengen's bad off.
Last night I heard him screaming out again and again.
I guess he's worsened with the day.
Thanks for outfitting the boy with garden equipment.
Oh, he's planning to take some prizes come harvest fair.
He mentioned corn and squash both.
I had some news from Denver concerning our proposal on the bank.
We'd need to find 15% of our proposed capitalization.
If we capitalize at the two million we figured on $300,000 separate from what Denver will underwrite.
Or they would credit Mrs.
Garret's accounts as collateral.
- Not doing that.
- I don't advocate it.
I'm informing you of a communication they volunteered.
We're not doing that.
Suppose I'll have to dip into my own kit then.
Even so, it's back to cutting my own hair.
I'll take the idea around.
- Swearengen would put it up.
- Fucking reputable people.
If money had to be clean before it was recirculated, we would still be living in fucking caves.
- Your old man? - Me.
Mr.
Lee will provide opium to you exclusively for sale to whites in the camp.
You will receive 50% of the gaming proceeds from Celestials' Alley.
My men will lamp the take.
It will spare Mr.
Lee here explaining how slow business was 'cause of Buddha's wedding anniversary.
Your men lamp the take also on proceeds from Celestial prostitutes.
How many do you want? How many can you bring? How many? That sounds like a man with an inexhaustible supply.
How much English do you have, my friend? Maybe when we get to know each other better.
I'll take a dozen, and I don't want them fucked out.
I set the rates.
The upkeep's on him.
And my understanding is the upkeep is quite minimal.
Good.
Gives him more to spend on mah-jongg.
I won't question the apparent one-sidedness of our arrangement.
The arrangement is not yours and Mr.
Lee's alone.
Yes, and in ways I don't understand, it must benefit you and the man whose name I must never say to have Mr.
Lee in camp and perhaps Mr.
Wu out of it, maybe among the spirits of his ancestors.
But what a blessing for me, finally to reach a point in life where I don't feel I have to know.
A creature walking around on hind legs.
Just like Crop Ear and them half-dozen bushwhackers out in the forest, ones I would fall in with or out whatever suited my daily purpose.
That's what I was till I crossed paths with Al.
Well, bang the drum and play the pipes and I'll rend our fucking garments.
I was just saying I ain't hearing confessions this afternoon.
Say you'll burn it down with me, Dan.
What? This fucking place before letting Tolliver take it over.
Done.
Well, open your mouth, Jewel, and say something we can't fucking understand.
He's asking for you.
Don't die with your fucking secret.
Clean the number three.
Dolly said she bled.
God damn it.
I may get me a whiskey, Doc.
You want a whiskey? No, I do not want a fucking whiskey.
Well, maybe as far as steadying the hand.
How dare you? You shut your fucking mouth! I didn't mean nothing by it.
Whiskey does not steady the hand.
It just dulls the worry over the hand's unsteadiness.
Jesus Christ! Jesus Christ, I do not need to kill another man! Top left corner of my fucking bag.
- What? - Balm, you fucking idiot, against the burn you fucking just sustained.
Thanks, Doc.
All right.
- Dan! - Go away, Wu.
- Swedgin.
- No.
Swed-gin! Well, it ain't gonna happen.
- Swedgin! - No, Wu! He's fucked up.
Now, Al can't talk to you right now, and I can't understand you, so you go the fuck back to Chink Alley! Do not start drawing air to talk gibberish to me! Cocksucker.
- Oh, for Christ's sake.
- Cocksucker! It's wasted on me, Wu.
Mmm Cocksucker! Cocksucker! I don't get it, Wu.
I am not as smart as Al.
And there's too much on our fucking plate right now to deal with it.
Cocksucker! Cocksucker! - San Francisco.
- Jesus-fucking-Christ.
All right, there's an invisible cocksucker next to you, and he's from San Francisco.
Cocksucker! San Francisco cocksucker.
I'm going with you you want me to tell Al that there's a cocksucker he looks like he looks like you, and he's from San Francisco and he's got your dander up.
I'm going up now.
I'll go tell him.
- Tell him what? - Oh, God only knows.
Why don't you learn to talk American! Save us all a lot of fucking trouble! Wu no Englishee! Swedgin! Mr.
Adams? Good day.
Good day, Miss Isringhausen.
I can't imagine what you must be thinking at the moment.
Please, come in.
I can offer you a whiskey or water that I just washed my face in.
I will have whiskey, sir.
Sure.
I've just been discharged.
Sacked.
By Mrs.
Garret? As tutor for her ward.
Well, I hope you punched her in the nose.
This is a day of firsts.
Dismissal from employment, unchaperoned presence in a man's room.
I'm sorry for your news, Miss Isringhausen, but if that's your first taste of liquor, I'm sorry for the hand you've been playing your whole life.
You mind if I drink from the bottle? No, sir.
Oh boy.
No.
- Oh boy.
- I'm sorry.
You want me to get out of here? - It's your room.
- That's okay.
You're not a thief.
Or would you feel better if I shot myself? Why do you say that? I apologize.
It was just a stupid way of trying to be funny.
Because I fear I may be killed.
What? I can't explain.
It's nightmarish.
It's incomprehensible.
Who's threatening your life? Mrs.
Garret.
I know it sounds impossible, but I can testify to you, Mr.
Adams, I would not be the first person she's killed.
You want I should tie him high or tie him low? Tie him high.
Should we go ahead and put a good fucking hit of dope down him, Doc? Yeah, go ahead and get a hit ready.
Al, I have to secure you for surgery! What is it, Al? He's afraid.
You afraid, Al? You've got a fear of the knife.
He wants to try passing them stones natural.
Are you afraid, Al? Are you afraid, Al? Oh God! I'm on his fucking nuts! Goddamn smelling salts is what we're going to administer! Do you hear me, Al? Here is a fucking dose of smelling salts to your nose! - What are you doing, Doc? - Be quiet! Sit him up and get him to his goddamn feet! Take his prick out! There you come, Al! There you come! There you go! You're doing it! There you go, you ox-minded son of a gun! Push at it, you bastard! Push at it! Come on, Al! You'd do a horse proud with the strength of that fucking stream! Lay him down.
Lay Al down on the bed! Now, we are gonna take care of this.
I'm gonna put this instrument back inside you and clear that cocksucker you've been making progress with, and we are not gonna cut you! Bring his knee up to his chest.
You hold him down.
Johnny, you - go on out to the balcony.
- I have charge of the salts! All right All right! I can feel the fucking click of the gleet.
All right, now I want you to milk his prick from top to bottom, and I want you to bring that cocksucker down.
- That's it.
Now.
- Come on, Al.
All right! Look at it! One gleet chasing a-fucking-nother! - God - God bless you, Al! Thank you.
Thank you for saving me.
God Are you uncomfortable, girls? They're fine.
You're paying them to stand in that position, Mr.
W.
They'll stand in that position.
They've been in more awkward positions before.
Thousands of years ago, in Cyprus, women went about their own lives only after first spending time as prostitutes at the temple of Aphrodite.
The tribute of their promiscuity meant to secure for the island the goddess' grant of bountiful crops and beautiful weather.
Woman's generative instrument on the altar of the race's necessities, have we not come some far peace since then? Who, for example, fucks on altars anymore, or pretends anything can make up the weather's mind? Are you gonna fuck me tonight, Francis? I bore Carrie.
You were peeking.
- I asked you not to look.
- Sorry.
Why not just go do what you're gonna do, Mr.
W? Am I on a schedule then? She only meant our educations can wait.
I quite enjoyed our talk the other night.
Do you want to fuck her? No, Carrie, no.
Or I'd say so.
The atmosphere of the room turns against me.
A growing collective impatience, where should be a haven of indulgence.
Won't you indulge me? We're trying, Mr.
W.
, but you are behaving badly.
Disappointing, from you who I thought to regale with details of the myths gods fornicating with mortals, the endless incest, fathers upon daughters upon sisters Take her in or get out, please.
- Excuse us.
- Of course.
Er, be generous.
I think I've upset her.
Well, whatever were you aiming at? Your titties! Any chance in here of an imminent finish, Commissioner? My thought being you might want to deliver our newspaper editor a certain document before he's too drunk to make it out.
I think not, until my bath is finished.
Uh-huh.
And I think a finish would involve you blowing some of them bubbles underwater, honey.
Whew! Eamon.
Has he per any fucking chance returned from Gayville, Dan, which he had never been to? Al's upstairs.
Now, if you agree to a few fucking rules, I'll give you a brief audience with him.
Don't it feel good to play at "boss," Dan? Unless you want to sit down here and bust my fucking balls over you never learning to move amongst civilized people.
No, an audience is more important.
All right.
Now, you listen careful while we walk up.
You get up there, you propose the robbery.
You give him the location, the take that you are prepared to guarantee, Al's fee on that take, and then a bonus for overage.
And then, Eamon, you shut the fuck up.
Al has had a tough fucking day.
Now, you let him indicate to you however he chooses as to a yes or a no.
Now, that's fair, ain't it? You're a great man, Dan.
It's you that's the great one.
Don't bust my fucking balls.
Don't call me "Crop Ear," you gutless son of a bitch.
Eamon, we live life however we choose.
And you choose life as a cunt standing behind a bar.
Just trying to do you a fucking favor.
I'll have no favors from you.
All right, then.
Crop Ears.
Or whatever the fuck it is you want to be called! Trying to gauge Al's recovery and do you a fucking favor.
Crop Ears is dying up there.
You take him over to the Chinaman's and you throw him away.
Sure, Dan.
Sure.
Yeah, I'll go get the sled.
I don't have the patience for this fucking bullshit! I have had a tough fucking day! Were you seeing a relative, Carrie, or did the madam withhold you to frustrate me? She doesn't tell me why she does things.
But you'd know if you were seeing a relative? Yes.
I wasn't.
Were you seeing anyone? A wild Indian.
I fucked him and I fucked his horse.
You hate it here.
I suppose you don't.
I don't, no.
The rocks tell me stories.
And now I have you.
Well, I'm not a crazy person, so they don't talk to me.
And I'm with me wherever I am, so I wish I was in fucking New York.
The rocks don't "talk" to me, but still I learn their stories.
Oh, I understand now.
Thank you for saying it like I'm a baby.
Well, uh these hills are unimaginably rich.
So what? To compel even the vagrant attentions of someone like my employer.
I won't stay for any amount.
For a large amount, will you stay for a little? Give me some now.
Of course.
It's more than I gave the madam.
And you mustn't hit me like you do the others.
You've never displeased me.
Don't fucking hit me, Francis.
Done.
Agreed.
I will run away to the Indians.
You would change the course of history.
Be the first of the women chiefs.
Oh I'm too quick.
You can't be too quick for me.
You might try it sometimes with your prick outside of your pants.
I sense Miss Stubbs has fucked a relative.
It's a big club.
Pff-ff!

--- S02E05 ---
Psst! Boys.
How are you? Did you fuck me while I was out? Hell, no.
Well, quit looking at me like that.
Except for talking a little cockeyed, Al is back to his accustomed self.
And what that is, speech crisis he went through, Al's body parts are showing they're healing at different rates.
Well, you talk cockeyed, boss, all you want, long as you want, just so you're miserable and mean.
How cockeyed do I look? Appropriately cockeyed, for one who's been through what you have, and then the fall you took.
Bullock look worse? Naming your adversary shows your memory is intact.
You're gonna have to gather all your fucking wiles, Al, 'cause they's developments that need interpretating on every front.
Al is out of the development interpretation business for the short time being.
Wu's got a big tall Celestial that's haunting him.
He's invisible.
Wu's convinced he's from San Francisco.
God damn it, Dan, will you shut the fuck up and let this man harbor his resources? You look in Chink's Alley? You see any big, unfamiliar Chinks? Well, there ain't nothing to it, Al.
I just told you for a giggle.
I mean, you know? Excitable Wu.
So what else is new? Nothing special Not a goddamn thing that can't wait till you get well, boss.
There is a bell behind the bar.
- Absolutely.
- I know there is a bell.
I'm telling you I want it brought up here.
Absolutely, Al.
Uh, I-I best help.
If there's anybody can fuck up the gathering of a bell, it's Johnny.
You want some water? Yeah.
Fucking water.
Don't be a fucking jerk.
Your right eye is filled with blood.
Can you use your right arm at all? Put your nose between my fingers, you'll find how much I can use my fucking arm.
That's good.
That is a good sign, Al.
Don't bullshit me.
I won't.
I think you've had a small stroke, guessing maybe from the strain of that stone.
You keep bullshitting them.
- I will.
- This gets out, I'll slit your fucking throat.
I wield a blade good with my left.
It won't get out.
If I need it, you will fucking kill me.
- You stop that.
- You find me no better, you will wish to hell I was fucking worse, 'cause I wield a blade good with my left.
Don't you put a fucking clock on this.
Madam, in the chambers of my heart beats a love for every crooked timber of this shitbox of a structure, this building.
This building, its warped floorboards and Fie! Why, even in Richardson my chef, my eyes see a beloved household pet somehow walking upright.
See in Richardson a half-witted child, nonetheless adored.
Oh, Mrs.
Garret.
Uh, the very subject of my thoughts.
May I borrow Richardson, please, Mr.
Farnum, to escort me on an errand? Would you prefer other company, ma'am? Less mysterious? No, Mr.
Farnum.
Richardson! I saved a lot.
I'll mop the rest in a moment.
- Go with Mrs.
Garret.
- Thank you, Mr.
Farnum.
Eyes down! Therefore, madam, as to your generous offer to purchase my hotel, I must gratefully decline.
- Oh.
- I take you for the man in charge.
A.
W.
Merrick, sir, owner, publisher, editor-in-chief, and for the moment, sole reporter.
Hugo Jarry, County Commissioner appointed by Governor Pennington.
Of-of this county? Yes.
Has our county a name? Lawrence County.
Ah, well! Well, thank you for that information, and congratulations.
Lawrence, Lawrence County.
My father was a newspaperman.
"Lowell Sentinel-Bee.
" I was raised among these contraptions.
Were you? Great respect for the fourth estate.
Here's a statement to be printed.
"As to ownership of the claims in the newly constituted County of Lawrence, as annexed to the Dakota Territory, a presumption of legitimate title shall obtain for claims worked actively and continuously prior to amendment of the treaty with the Sioux Nation, September, 1876.
This presumption shall be subject to qualification according to mitigating facts.
" Uh, if I discern this correctly, sir, this statement could be taken to mean, uh, nothing.
The statement continues.
"New title will be awarded on claims to which title is denied at set prices via lottery as conducted by the County Commissioner.
" I would be grateful if that gets in your next edition.
I must tell you, Commissioner, that even with that last bit added, what exactly will or won't qualify or mitigate the presumption of ownership eludes me.
I didn't realize that was a bar the statement had to hurdle.
Uh, without an accompanying explanation, sir, this statement may work an unsettling effect.
In any case, sir, being the Commissioner of this county and bidding you good day, I have presented you with that to publish in your paper as organ of record in this camp.
Front page.
Trixie's to the hardware store, the big one said.
May we go there then, Richardson? - Have you time? - Yes.
I only have stew to mop before lunch.
I like you.
Thank you, Richardson.
You're purty.
Thank you very much.
And probably that's all either of us needs to say on that subject ever again.
I'm uncertain how long I may be, so I'll send you back to the hotel.
Would you be so kind as to return this to the pile outside The Gem? Thank you, Richardson.
Goodbye.
Oh cunt! Good morning.
Morning.
May we have a private word? Don't flee, don't flee.
I'm going outside for a smoke.
Gentlemen.
You knocked up? Why would you ask? You wouldn't have come here first, which means first you went to The Gem, which you've never yet stepped foot in.
I sent in Richardson.
Meaning first you crossed the thoroughfare with him, opening the possibility you're only puking from the company you keep.
I think I'm pregnant.
We make tea pennyroyal and cohosh, if that's what you come to find out.
I might very well die in delivering.
Holy cow! I meant to say more likely than other women, I might die, because an ailment when I was little shaped me for difficulty in childbirth.
Why not take your tale of woe to the doc? I feel that Dr.
Cochran judges me.
Lucky then you come to me that takes you to my bosom and smoothes your hair and tells you all will be well.
I can tell you this much, Mrs.
Garret if you take the tea, lay plenty of dope in.
'Cause I've killed seven, and every bleeding out I laced-on good and tight and for a long fucking while after.
I want children of my own.
Let me finish up my Jewish lessons here, then come find you.
Thank you very much.
- Thank you, Trixie.
- All right.
- My name's Alma.
- I know your name.
Miss Isringhausen.
Mr.
Adams.
May I collect a change of clothes? Of course.
I hope you slept well.
- I'm mortified to say I did.
- Mortified? Having done so at the cost of your comfort.
I sleep anywhere, ma'am.
I'm like a dog in that regard.
We don't want you murdered in your bed.
Perhaps it was irrational, my being so afraid.
That ain't a test fear's got to pass.
I know she's had others done for.
So you've said.
- Anyways - May I know your given name? Silas if I remember correct.
You have shown charity to one among strangers, Silas giving her great solace.
Thank you.
Or you're welcome, I guess.
Thank you, Silas.
And you're welcome.
Hostetler.
It's the Nigger General Fields.
Now, you was to have had this horse one week.
Shit, old Nugget here is sound and spoiled.
He's been living on peppermints and apples in the private stables of a San Francisco dry-goods big shot.
Making you owing I was delivering emerald earrings to Mrs.
Big Shot, and a diamond bracelet and matching choker to Mr.
Big Shot's mistress.
$4 a week times 17 - is - Cipher the result against this 100.
$100 take away 68 Put the balance toward our future trade.
Owing General Nigger Nigger General.
$32 credit.
Being you was away, maybe now you got a chance to take off this half-ass uniform.
Then who's gonna know I'm the Nigger General? By your own telling you never was in no Union Army.
This ain't the time or the place to be drawing people's attention.
Even for a goddamn fool.
Well, I keep missing the place where it would be a good time.
Must be my goddamn foolishness.
You wouldn't suppose they'd be salting the fucking find over there, now would you, Doris? I don't understand.
I was wondering if maybe your new bosses Maddie and Joanie are sending me more than my proper share, give me a false fucking impression of how their pussy's selling.
I don't know.
'Cause this is this is fucking heavy action for an operation ahead of itself far as decor and location and every other fucking aspect! It's mostly from just the one trick.
Which is who? I don't know his name.
They call him Mr.
W.
What does he look like? I wouldn't know how to say.
Oh, you fucking mutt.
- Is he tall or short? - Tall.
- Thin or fat? - Thin.
Good looking, I guess.
- Clean-shaved or bearded? - Bearded.
He threw me into a wall last night.
Huh.
Don't tell me.
On what pretext, sweetheart? I looked at him.
And that was against his instructions? He had all the girls facing the wall.
And you peeked? Now, was this more or less a push to the wall, or did he fucking fling you, violent-like, with more of the same in mind? Violent-like.
Huh.
Well, that's a man with a problem, ain't it, Doris? Mr.
W.
Jesus Christ, can I be that fucking lucky? - Warm it up? - Thank you.
How did you sleep, Carrie? All right, I guess.
How did you sleep? All right.
Are you guessing? I guess I'm guessing.
Do your back? Yes, thank you.
My trick got you upset.
I was in with him the night before.
I guessed he took to watching.
How did that work out? I guess he don't.
Or, anyway, not that night.
Or maybe just not me.
Do you want to know what I do with him? If you want to say.
I get him off through his pants.
Ah.
Acting like my hand's my snatch.
Reaching around behind you? Behind me and between my legs.
- Through his pants? - Yes.
You don't put your hand inside? No.
Are you naked? Dressed.
Except for my stockings and my bloomers.
Do you talk any special way? I remind him not to hit me.
Do you want to be writing this down? Congratulations, Doc, on your high and holy bullshit.
It's water off a duck to some, but others still got feelings.
Of whom are we fucking speaking? One as might die in childbirth more likely than us lucky others, but so sponged down in your disapproval when she was kicking the fucking dope, she's afraid now to seek your care.
I'll call on her.
Under some other fucking pretext.
- All right.
- Mighty fucking big of you, Doc.
You have about as miserable a disposition as your employer! I ain't exclusive to him no more.
Hey now, Miss Lady.
How much do you want for that bottle? What the fuck are you supposed to be? Currency still spends, ma'am.
Is that some dilapidated-type fucking uniform? I scouted for fucking Custer.
A great man who would have wanted you to sell me that bottle.
He was no great fucking man! He was a long-haired cocksucker that could have saved many lives by more drinking and stop being so fucking ambitious, and many still above ground and not scalped by the fucking heathens and their guts spread over the plains.
You're a short nigger, aren't you? For a fact.
My name's Jane.
I'm the Nigger General Fields.
Want a drink? I want to buy that bottle, that's what I want.
Well, you ain't buying it, but you can have a fucking drink.
Thanks.
Don't fucking look around! I don't care who sees a nigger drinking with me or drinking from the same bottle or how stupid his fucking outfit is.
This here is the epaulet of a Union Army general.
Oh.
And this here is the ass of a drunken shitbird.
Finish this with me if you can sit beside someone and not stink or fart.
I've been known to cut the odd fart but they've never stunk.
I've got the self-same gift.
If I took advantage, I apologize.
You took no more advantage of me, Silas, than the Samaritan did the traveler from Jerusalem.
Good.
I should tell you, Silas, that the Mr.
Swearengen I've heard you say you work for is named by Mrs.
Garret as her instrument in her husband's murder.
- Named by Mrs.
Garret? - Yes.
- As her instrument? - Yes.
Jesus Christ.
- What's your first name? - Alice.
Alice, your story don't get less strange the more of it you tell.
Because Mr.
Swearengen wouldn't do such a thing? Generates a fucking strangeness is her saying he was her hire.
I see.
Yeah, well, that makes fucking one of us.
Would you introduce me to Mr.
Swearengen? You're asking me to? - You want to meet him? - Please.
Why do I feel lucky we didn't meet across a poker table? Anyways, he ain't up to chatting just now.
Silas? Her bearing gives you suspicions as to her health? No, not at all.
My notes indicate that it had been a year since her last exam, and with the day-long lull between gunfights, I thought I'd have a look.
I see.
And she seems to be coming along beautifully.
Excuse us, darling.
Since I have cared for you as well, can I ask after your health? I continue relieved of the weakness you treated me for.
And you have nothing else to report? Thank you for examining Sofia.
Folk wisdom and remedies known to others in the camp are often quite adequate to the requirements of health.
Trixie, for example, is a stalwart and a reliable source of these.
However, I do have some particular competence as to the implications of anatomical anomalies, congenital or consequent of previous illness, and I would hope that you would avail yourself of this, notwithstanding my idiosyncrasies and-and-and my defects of character.
Please.
In my experience, Mr.
Wolcott, come to making restitution for others' outlays, the rich can be tardy.
I'm just satisfying myself that my employer's getting what he's paying for.
Bills of sale drawn good and legal, signatures genuine and witnessed.
Ah, join us, Commissioner.
Gentlemen.
Notice about the claims is in your newspaper publisher's hands.
That the Yankton statement may cause unease among local claimholders as to the security of their title, Mr.
Merrick found personally distressing.
He found it wrong and unfair.
Was he looking for a bribe? No, no.
He was not.
I have a nose for that.
In any case, he's manageable.
I quite stared him down.
We're just chewing the fat in here, Leon, barge the fuck amongst us.
Mr.
Merrick posted that statement outside his office, Mr.
Tolliver.
- Put out an extra, did he? - No edition of the paper at all.
Just the statement on the outside wall, and people are fucking riled.
- Riled or frightened? - Riled, sir.
That's the type of unsettlement we ain't necessarily after.
Wanting to know where he's at, who the fuck he thinks he is.
You want to manage this, Commissioner, or shall I? You go on, Tolliver.
Maybe take another bath.
What in fuck's that word supposed to mean? Uh, "mitigating," as applied to a presumption, would mean to lessen or soften strength or rigor.
I ought to punch you in the fucking nose.
Why would you punch me? You had him here, didn't you? You give him your fucking words to print on your fucking machine! Ah, which is short of saying I should have forced him to some purpose of my own? Show me where the cocksucker's at.
I won't fall short of force! Who convened the meeting, boys? New county commissioner give Merrick a statement mitigating us into an ass-fucking.
Ouch.
And then I yelled, "Break the fucking door down, Dan!" Doc said only what would jolly you, Al, but I do believe Mr.
Merrick might be in the fucking soup.
You have got one yawning fucking chasm of mouth on you.
Fucking county commissioner made Mr.
Merrick post notice titles of claims to be decided case by case.
The county commissioner's in the camp? Yeah, and that hooplehead Steve is about to punch Merrick for posting the notice, and I know that you got a liking for Merrick.
I want you to stop thinking now, Johnny, and only answer the question I'm gonna ask you.
Yes, sir.
Where's the commissioner now? The commissioner or Mr.
Merrick? The commissioner, Johnny.
Where's the commissioner? He's at Bella Union.
He moved over there.
Jesus fucking Christ! Get Bullock.
- Bullock? - Bullock! Get Bullock.
Yes, sir.
May call the sheriff in, huh? Fisticuffs between Merrick and Steve! Shut the fuck up, Johnny.
Help me get situated.
It reads to me they're inclining toward the present titleholders.
But then they start to fucking mitigate! Yeah, they do get to mitigating this last part here.
I guess my question is who of us here didn't know what government was before we came? Wasn't half our purpose coming to get shed of the cocksucker? And here it catches up to us again, to do what's in its nature to lie to us and confuse us and steal what we come to by toil and being lucky just once in our fucking lives.
And are we gonna be surprised by that, boys, government being government? Will we next be shocked by rivers running or trees casting fucking shade? Look, I have said before and I still fucking say those of a mind, make a price on your claims.
Get out from under uncertainty.
And that's from no fucking goodness on my part and no fucking charity either.
I am past picking up again.
This spot might be wrong, but here's where I'm making my stand! And I'll also say, for being a fucking commissioner, this Jarry don't seem such a bad sort, under the limits of what he is.
Wait a minute.
Does that mean you've been fucking talking to him? When in fuck did I say I wasn't? I am asking you where the fuck he is, and if he's at your fucking joint! And I am telling you yes, and making no fucking apologies: And saying, one more question in that tone will collect you a broken jaw.
I don't need another fucking question, 'cause I've located the fact that I was seeking, which is the whereabouts of the fucking commissioner, and whoever wants can come with me! Dangerous turn, Mr.
Tolliver.
Yes.
Temper loosened my tongue.
You've got gall coming before me prettier than ever.
Are you all right? On the fucking mend, that's all to say on that.
What do you know of this new commissioner? His notice on the claims has people pissed off.
I wouldn't want the cocksucker harmed.
I don't intend him any.
Don't be fucking clever with me.
He's allied with Tolliver.
Are you aware of that? No.
Bedridden, I know more than you.
The point is, if their man's allied with Tolliver and fucking harm comes to him, between the hoopleheads and me, who will Yankton put it on? - You.
- Yeah.
Do they understand how most of what happens is people being drunk and stupid and trying to find something else to blame besides that that makes their lives totally fucked? No, they don't.
- Yankton.
- Yankton, exactly.
They're too busy stealing to study human nature.
Did you ring, Al? That's the sound of that fucking bell being rung.
Did you hear that sound? - No.
- No.
Then get the fuck out.
And both of you being government officials you ought to fucking look out for each other Sheriff.
Had you vision as well as sight, you would recognize within me not only a man, but an institution and the future as well.
Fuck you, fuck the institution, and fuck the future! You cannot fuck the future, sir.
The future fucks you.
Come out from that cage, you billiard-ball-looking cocksucker! I do not take orders from hooligans.
Come out! We'll see if them cappers choose you to look at or Tolliver's fucking money! - It's a chancy call.
- Should you impede my progress, sir, were I to attempt to leave this cage, you would seal your fate as irrevocably as the tyrant crossing the Rubicon! Is he asking to suck my prick? Why don't you explain your fucking statement, Commissioner, as far as us keeping title to our claims!? I explain nothing under duress.
Have you ever lived a day in your fucking life? Pitch, Commissioner, burning off the top your fucking head! Is that vision or sight?! Cunt or duress!? - Son of a bitch! - What the fuck, Tolliver? The mob is an ungodly creature, Sheriff.
Come on.
Stand away or be shot! He's under protection of the law.
You've got their fucking attention.
- Fuck them anyway.
- Don't get me started.
Do not get me started, little Nigger General.
If something got to go in front of "Nigger" and don't it always? I prefer "short" to "little.
" "Short Nigger" is a deal, and I am a girl who keeps a bargain.
Or I could just call you plain "Nigger General.
" Call me "Just Plain Nigger.
" "Short Plains Nigger.
" "Nigger of the High Desert.
" Thanks for the conversating, Miss Jane, and the whiskey.
I am going blind as a fucking bat.
Who is that, the fucking sheriff? Flanked by some assholes? I feel no less manhandled by you, sir.
If they still had you, by now you would be feeling worse.
I need the lock-up.
Wait till I take out Bill's robe.
And now to jail, as wretched indignity accumulates.
A beating short of murder might have done you considerable good.
The commissioner meets his constituents.
A man has to work some dogs to learn how the world's tail wags.
Not coming to his aid, you mean to build his character.
We all ain't sound like you, sir.
Many could use some construction work.
Fellas like yourself, that's hard to understand.
Your foundation's sunk deep.
Framework's first rate, your mason-work.
Nothing unfinished in you, or rotten or damaged.
Or sick.
Five long years talking to nobody.
"Hostetler, you got enough problems of your own.
You don't need other bodies, especially a fool! A fool.
Hostetler, a fool!" I hope you fucking strangle under there.
Mark us even on that $100.
If you don't get your fucking thumb down, I'm gonna run this pitchfork through it.
We drag the nigger from the livery to our pitch pot in Chink's Alley.
And we make a good fucking racket so that Bullock hears.
He comes out, he gives fucking pursuit.
Once he's across the thoroughfare, the several of us come from under the fucking stairs and go up and grab the commissioner.
Well, suppose Bullock comes out shooting? Or we could just grab the nigger.
Your pelvic girdle does show the effects of your childhood illness.
Your labor may be difficult.
When you say "difficult" I have counseled patients on the basis of their anatomy against taking pregnancies to term.
I do not make that argument with you.
Do you distinguish between difficult and dangerous? Yes.
Your shape does not add danger to the delivery such as to justify, for instance, the risks of a Caesarian procedure.
It adds pain, difficult in that sense? Especially since you might be reluctant to mollify the difficulty's effects with opiates.
I've been told it wasn't an alternative for me even to contemplate, so - this is new information.
- I see.
And now that the choice is within your province, do you incline in one direction or another? To be honest, Doctor, I'm living into the thought that I've any choice at all.
You know what I'm fucking writing, fucking Nigger General.
To my ingrate fucking sister Etta, who will outlast me, I am writing my fucking will.
"One" What else did they teach you, Hostetler at that school where you learned how to write? What else? He's back up in the stall up under the hay.
They taught you good.
Come on, you gutless cunts! - Grab that nigger.
- Come on, nigger.
Come on, boy! They grabbed up a nigger.
When did a fucking nigger come into this? Hooples got him from the livery.
What about Bullock and the commissioner? Reckon they're still upstairs.
You've told me nothing.
You've added a fucking irrelevancy.
It wasn't Hostetler.
It it was some little nigger.
I'll give you $20 if you'll let me use that as my bedroll.
You got a better chance waking up looking normal.
- Hi, Charlie.
- Is the Nigger General back to camp? Yes, he is.
Don't act like you know, Jane, just 'cause you're already drunk.
You are an ignorant cocksucker.
He come over winter when you was gone.
That's ignorant.
I met him today.
Why do you ask about him, Charlie? It looked like he was gonna get done for.
I mean, I couldn't see to be sure.
I'm thirsty.
Lie on your back, take aim and piss.
How did I wrong you choice gentlemen? You want to start with me getting drafted so my cousin got the fucking confectionery? And that's why you're going to vulcanize me? Shut your fucking mouth! Your cousin, trapped East, allows you to come here to strike it rich.
Ain't that so? Get him the fuck up! Get him the fuck up! You stole my look at riches, you and your fucking monkey cousins! You motherfucker! Disperse this riotous assembly! - Let go of the Nigger General.
- That monkey just motherfucked me! I'll motherfuck you and blow your head off.
Cunt! May I please go over those columns with you? What is the fucking point of you going over the columns? You know the method of this shit already, took in probably at your mother's fucking tit! God help me for enjoying you out there, even only to abuse me.
Although, I also wouldn't mind getting fucked.
A last try at twinning these columns, then you'll have your fucking wish.
The correct answer in each instance is $127.
49.
You fuck.
Good evening, Trixie.
I was coming to you once I'd done these columns and fucked a friend.
Anyone else look in on you today? I did have another visitor, yes.
I'm gonna light a fucking cigarette in here.
- Fuck anyone who doesn't like it! - Please, do smoke.
Thank you so much.
So how did the other visitor's visit go? I am, as we thought.
And? And he expects an uneventful course, though not without difficulties.
I love how they fucking put it.
Well, that's my formulation.
Does "formulation" mean "plan"? My plan at the moment, is to watch, and wait.
"I couldn't help noticing, Trixie, you're occupied now at the hardware store.
" Yes, Alma, I am.
I'm spending time at Bullock & Star's learning to do accounts.
I'm so delighted.
Though, I'm also fucking one of the owners.
Well.
I'm delighted by that as well.
Trixie, can I have a puff of your cigarette? You ever smoked before? No.
Hm.
Thank you.
Sure.
Good night.
Congratulations.
Hello, there.
$127.
49, both columns separate verified.
Lying with aplomb, you've got the true calling.
What you heard otherwise is none of your business.
I didn't hear anything else.
Let me work on your column now.
"My own darling wife Agnes I have but a few moments left before this letter starts.
I never was as well in my life.
But you'd laugh to see me now, as I just got in from prospecting.
" He's lying.
I'm told he never prospected a moment of his time in the camp.
We must report him so he'll be punished.
"I am almost sure I will do well here.
We will have a home yet.
Then we will be so happy.
" He spells like a child.
"Sure" is spelled S-H-U-R-E.
Is it a very long letter? No, as you're about to discover.
"Here the man is, hurrying me.
I have but a few moments left before the mail must start.
Goodbye, my dear wife.
" Goodbye, goodbye, goodbye.
"J.
B.
Hickok, Wild Bill.
" Goodbye, Wild Bill.
There's a postscript.
Is it a very long postscript? "Agnes, darling, if such should be we never meet again, while firing my last shot I will gently breathe the name of my wife Agnes, and with wishes even for my enemies, I will make the plunge and try to swim to other shore.
" Are you a man who needs his trousers rubbed? I am a man who needs his trousers taken off.
I can do that.
Seems to me there's reabsorption of the hemorrhage.
What the fuck good is less blood in my eye? I want use of my fucking limbs.
- I understand.
- I have spent my last day abed hearing secondhand news from imbeciles.
It strike you as overweening, Al, - setting nature to a schedule? - I'm not setting terms for nature.
- I'm setting them for myself.
- Who has dominion over nature? Al Swearengen, owner and proprietor.
As to when he takes his leave, you're A-one fucking right.
Well, I don't understand.
Bullock? Why the fuck do you whisper? Bullock! I could have said you was asleep.
Doc.
Sheriff.
Pithy and civil.
The commissioner's all right.
You wipe the rim of that bottle, I'll knock you out from my present vantage.
They're coming against us.
Posting notice like that, not award even one commissioner of the three to local citizenry.
I'll guarantee you this too politicians ain't got balls for this type unsupported move.
Someone's backing their play or they would be here bending over for us.
Is it Tolliver? Tolliver is us.
They ain't gonna pick Tolliver over me this early in the game.
I see.
There's a nigger in the fucking woodpile somewhere, someone from outside the camp.
Anyways.
That nigger the hooples grabbed, did they kill him? - Tarred his shoulder.
- What stopped them at that? Me.
I get back on my fucking feet, I'll carry my share of the water.
My money's on you.
Here comes some pain for you.
You ever think of screaming instead of biting through your own fucking flesh? It's my fucking pain.
And I am suggesting an improved way of dealing with it, which is how progress occurs.
Will you two be quiet? Not only will we not be quiet, you frog-faced fuck I'm gonna take this stick and drag it back and forth across the bars of your cell.
I am not a prisoner.
I am in protective custody.
In care of a deputy deputized by the deputy sheriff, who orders you to shut the fuck up! You know Hostetler? He runs the livery? - Taller than me.
- I know him.
I'd be glad if he heard I'd have done just what he did, only quicker.
I guess he'll understand that if I don't.
He'll understand.
I'd tell him myself except I'm keeping indoors tonight.
Here comes some more pain.

--- S02E06 ---
You, Al, are an object lesson in the healing powers of obstinacy and a hostile disposition.
My leg and arm are waxy.
How they feel to you is not the relevant measure.
I judge objectively the way they respond to stimuli, and they are much fucking improved.
In the overall, sir, I call you a miracle.
Ready to meet the world.
How much longer you suppose I'll be buying claims, Mr.
Wolcott? We're close to the end.
Otherwise, I'll need to start dancing out here in longjohns or baying at the moon give people some idea of why I'm going against logic.
This phase is nearly over, even as another begins.
I propose formation of a bank, Mr.
Star, with yourself as chief officer, my holdings in the camp standing surety, and Mr.
Ellsworth as overseer of my interests.
I see.
Not quite a rousing endorsement.
It's just what's needed, Mrs.
Garret.
I don't know that I should be part of it.
Why, Mr.
Star? Other obligations.
Oughtn't you, or anyone urging such connections as disqualifying you, think of the good of the camp? We all have complicating obligations.
Might those be my new employees? There's a combat in prospect between those two, as equal as the Sioux with the whites.
All right? Well, you left upright, about half a cunt hair.
Well, bring me fucking straight then.
I got him, Dan.
Hmm? Whoa.
Right, there you go.
Straight as a string.
Stand back then, Johnny.
Any drool, first fucking fleck, you give me this.
Uh, you never showed no fucking spittle, Al.
Do as I fucking say.
Yes, sir.
I'm going in.
Then why am I in first chair? Anyone else suck his prick? You washed your hands of me, Mr.
Tolliver, when I was beset amid that rabble, no less contemptibly than Pontius Pilate.
Sometimes the shadow is cast by the sheltering hand.
Meaning the rabble was under your control? No, sir.
Wouldn't have them.
I am attuned, though, to the workings of what passes for their minds.
This morning we see the result more claims offered for sale and prices pressed downward.
You suppose the owners fear you might visit your ire on their titles? I want to get out of here.
I understand.
Will you have a quick wind of your timepiece before you go? No.
No, sir.
I will not.
I feel the earth washing away from beneath me.
I want to go away.
We'll fucking miss you.
And you, Mr.
Wolcott, I find you the most severe disappointment of all.
Often to myself as well.
What impressions do we expect he'll take to Yankton? That your money spends, and I'm a dangerous man with whom to disagree.
You put us together, don't that make us the very image of Mr.
Hearst as he'd want Yankton to think of him? How's the Jew-fucking going? It's all right.
What does it add to my understanding? He's meeting with the widow this morning.
Spoke to the other of forming a bank, and of her in that connection.
- Who's the fucking "other"? - Fucking Bullock.
My sensibilities do not need coddling either.
It's no concern for you.
I don't like naming the cocksucker.
Anyways, that may be its purpose, his sitting down with the widow.
The Jew? I hope you're getting paid for the pussy.
Don't put a price to it, you'll lose their respect.
He's teaching me accounts.
That's all right then.
Learnin' is like currency to them.
He stares in my eyes when he fucks me, longing-like.
Jesus Christ.
You don't look so bad.
Yeah, next thing to up and about.
Uh, ma'am, may I? A.
W.
Merrick, ma'am, of "The Black Hills Pioneer," making bold to introduce himself.
I am Mary Stokes, Mr.
Merrick.
I thought so! L uh, I hoped so.
I'm delighted to make your acquaintance, ma'am.
And for the camp's children, whom you will edify.
Uh is this yours? - Yes.
- And your bags, your bags.
Let's see.
Are they up here? Liar.
- Miss Trixie.
- What is this now? Nothing nefarious.
I was looking for you.
My nerves have had a shock.
How so? Mrs.
Garret took poorly.
At the meeting with Mr.
Star? - Bleech.
- Hmm.
Come here.
I'll add that she hasn't looked well the last few weeks, especially in the morning.
Pale.
What are you fucking hinting at? - Nothing.
- Nothing? She ain't looked well mornings, opposed to the rest of the day, pale? How does sharing observations make me liable to rebuke? You got her knocked up, in other words.
Me?! I ain't got her in any way at all, Trixie.
In your opinion, I'm saying she's in the way.
I work for the woman in her fucking employ.
I understand that.
And that is the sole fucking full extent of it.
Would you do the right thing? I was not involved.
We're fucking past that.
I know you wasn't fucking involved.
Who was involved too, far as that fucking goes? Would you? Would I fucking what? Do the right fucking thing in that fucking situation? What's the situation? Explain it.
If she wanted the child how a woman wants one that ain't certain she's made to bear many, willing even to bear it out of wedlock but for the hurt she would do another and the humiliation she would do, and to that other woman's little boy.
Would you do it then? - Do? - The right fucking thing.
Don't get fucking coy with me.
Marry her, you're saying? And the child in the eyes of others the issue of my loins.
As much as they care to see.
This is only a passing glance.
So the come's true author ain't thrown in their fucking face or the true author's wife's face, or the face of that little fucking boy.
Well? Would would she fucking have me? I'd work on that next.
- Books.
- Ah, wonderful.
I parted with several boxes in Bismarck.
I'm sure to Bismarck's betterment.
Mostly for the sake of the children.
The other few, might I suspect for the sake of certain childhood memories of your own? You may, and be in the right.
Uh, when you're situated, Miss Stokes, may I take you on a tour of the camp? I would be grateful.
No more than I, Miss Stokes, I assure you.
Oh, a man's come to camp, Wolcott.
Agent for the Hearst's interest.
I believe he's made calls with Tolliver and Yankton.
That's why Yankton's suddenly got balls.
I made him think I was trying to gull him, and that he had turned the tables on me.
How much did he buy you for? I kept Dan apprised while you convalesced, in abbreviated fashion.
How much? Oh, $10,000.
Enlisting me, so he thought, to spread rumors about rescission of the claims.
Tolliver's the front, hmm? Buying from the panicked sellers, engaged by this Wolcott.
This agent for George Hearst? That's it in a nutshell.
I meant you no disloyalty, Al.
You looked out for yourself against the chance I would die.
I never wished for that outcome.
But I am a born follower.
In any case, here we are, if tactically disadvantaged, exactly as before in strength.
Oh, sure.
Thank you, sir.
- Morning.
- Morning, Sol.
Thanks for opening.
You were out.
Yes.
Yes, paid a call and then I've been walking.
The call was on Mrs.
Garret.
We agreed that wasn't gonna happen.
Our agreement was to not solicit her investment in a bank.
The call I paid was at her invitation.
I don't give a fuck who invited who, Sol.
That's your position.
Was the bank the subject of the meeting? Get out! Uh, excuse us a little while, please.
She invited me, Seth.
To talk of forming a bank, came here and invited you? - Sent Ellsworth that works for her.
- You told me none of it.
Suspecting maybe you mightn't act rational.
But I bet you told the whore.
We're done talking about this for now.
- No! - Yes, Seth.
We're done talking about this.
If you keep it up, we'll fight, and you'll have to work by yourself while I convalesce.
Until late, Mr.
Swearengen, I was employed by Alma Garret, - as tutor to her orphan ward.
- Sacked two days ago.
Let her tell it.
In the course of my employment, I frequently saw Mrs.
Garret under the influence of opiates.
In this state, she admitted to me having commissioned the murder of her husband.
What a world.
- She named you as her instrument.
- Said I had killed him? She never specified you had actually killed him.
- Left it vague-like.
- Exactly.
- That I was her instrument? - Yes.
So we could pin it on someone else, or I could take the fall - confess, supporting your version.
- Yes.
In writing and then subsequently escape.
Such has been known to occur.
Leaving the widow lonely at the bar of justice.
Better one than none at all.
Who do you work for? People of means.
The people you work for were hired by people of means.
Don't get cagey, Miss Isringhausen.
Let me suggest, Mr.
Swearengen, you do not get distracted from your opportunity.
Not who I work for should concern you, but the amount you'll be paid - and the surety of its delivery.
- Too fucking true.
Why I pray fervently it ain't the Pinkertons whose pay you're in, and that her dead husband's people hired to steal her gold.
I got unrelated reasons to hate those cocksuckers.
- $50,000.
- I'm hard-pressed to think - who the fuck else it would be.
- $50,000, Mr.
Swearengen.
Separate from pay to your subordinates.
- Your pockets, not mine? - Yes.
Would it go against his for the pussy? No charge for the pussy.
Mind if I take the day? Not at all.
I've got a lot on my plate just now, and I'm feeling less than my full fucking self.
You seem quite formidable to me.
In any case, I'll wait to hear from Silas.
Do.
That would be grand.
I guess if I called you a cunt, - I needn't expect you to faint.
- No.
Getting struck be a first? How have I injured your interests? You think he's upstairs considering me for promotion? Anyway, clear out of my room.
Come up and fuck me, why don't you? Simple as that? I'd fear a snakebite.
Come up and fuck me, and I'll answer every one you want to ask.
Morning, Sheriff.
You sober enough to listen? Did you just intend to insult me? Excuse me, Sheriff.
I know you face business reverses.
Like losing my fucking claim! People angry at their difficulties often act like fucking idiots, but there'll be no murdering people in this camp of any color, or assaults on officials of any stripe.
Even Yankton thieves who are in league with God knows fucking who? Officials from Yankton or otherwise, or thieves or not.
If you can't live with that, get out of this fucking camp.
I can live with it.
You have to keep rubbing my fucking nose in it? Do not misconduct yourself again in this camp.
Must he take what the sheriff just fucking give him? Apparently so.
He needn't.
Not by custom, not by fucking law.
Name my remedy then.
Outside every county courthouse in the land is the lady blindfolded.
True, far as it goes.
To ignore how them scales she carries sometimes gets balanced out There, I take no position.
I could take a leather punch and stab the bastard's horse in the fucking ass.
You could, and you'd be in the right.
Carve on its coat, "Bullock, I fucked your horse," and square the fucking scales.
And if the blindfold was down, see the lady a'winking, while she told you you done it like a man.
And if I carve "fuck," I will have fucked the horse beforehand.
Preaching to the choir.
Thanks.
Sure.
Mingle the shit somewhat.
You ought to take up whittling.
Ready to receive currency, Captain, - in exchange for titles.
- Yes.
And as I've learned to sustain discourse while counting, I'm gonna ask you to take counsel with me.
In what regard? First, let's agree them Chink whores make a poor appearance.
- Yes.
- And as far as locales for fucking, them cribs they're in lack allure.
They might attract the intended clientele.
Now that's an attitude right there I want us to counsel on.
Smart-alecky sort of attitude and almost with a quality of fucking anger to it.
I don't find exact fucking words for it, but it fucking disturbs and concerns me.
By my lights, I feel I manage well.
Well, you can say that, Mr.
Wolcott, yet I hear accounts that you're a dangerous lay, and that adds to my feeling disturbed.
Are you inclined, sir, every so often to ride one off the cliff? Girls, I mean? I am disturbed at my private conduct being spoken of.
Well, I should think you fucking would be.
And to think of Mr.
Hearst's disturbance if he was to fucking know.
Because that's a dangerous habit to indulge when you're not among friends.
Are you my friend, Mr.
Tolliver? And someone past surprise at habits or inclination, or turns of events, and who don't confuse himself far as sitting in judgment - with our Lord in fucking heaven.
- I see.
And who would never tattle to your employer or jeopardize what's gotta be a handsome fucking income.
Goddamn right, I am your friend, Mr.
Wolcott.
All I can't provide for the party is the cliff.
Believing yourself past surprise does not commend you to me as a friend.
A man inadequately sophisticated, or merely ignorant or simply stupid, may believe himself past surprise, then be surprised to discover, for example, that Mr.
Hearst already knows of my inclinations and finds them immaterial.
Suggesting as a corollary that your skills for blackmail and manipulation no longer are assets to you, and for your fatuous belief in their efficacy, in fact have become liabilities.
In short, you've overplayed your hand.
Now I should think in consequence, now recognizing yourself as a man past his time, that during this last transitional period you would devote yourself with grateful and quiet diligence to such uses as others may still find you suitable.
Oh, you bet I'm grateful.
A man like yourself, warmed at Mr.
Hearst's bosom, secure in his confidence and trust, taking the time and spending the energy to persuade a relic like me.
She'd placed adverts for a tutor in Chicago, Boston and New York.
The interests that employ me saw.
What was you doing at the time? Piloting a steamboat.
Was Al right who hired you people to fuck her up? That's not something I'm told.
Must be the dead husband's parents if they want to hang that murder off her neck.
That would make sense.
Why does Swearengen hate the Pinkertons? Beats me, a stalwart organization like that.
Did you help send them miners up the fucking scaffold in Pennsylvania? I was busy on the Mississip'.
Past hope.
Past kindness or consideration.
Past justice.
Past satisfaction.
Past warmth or cold or comfort.
Past love.
But past surprise? What an endlessly unfolding tedium life would then become.
No, Doris we must not let you be past surprise.
Carrie's napping.
I'll awaken her.
You needn't.
I would like to see this young lady just now.
All right.
Doris? Ah, teachers one remembers.
The thrilling kindness of the extra moment taken, the extra word of encouragement offered.
"You, young man"or woman as the case might have been "have an interesting turn of mind.
" Yes.
And to take that extra moment in turn.
Oh, Miss Stokes, to alter a life's course with a word how I revere your your profession.
Well, thank you, Mr.
Merrick.
No, thank you, Miss Stokes, and all teachers in you.
Um, there before you is the Bullock house.
It was recently constructed by Mr.
Bullock.
Ah, these streets.
I got to meet him, Wu.
Cocksucker! San Francisco cocksucker, I have got to meet him.
Swedgin, San Francisco cocksucker meet! San Francisco cocksucker and Swedgin gotta meet.
I've got to meet him, Wu.
I've got to see how much juice he's got.
"Jews"? Yeah, I've got to see how much juice San Francisco cocksucker's got, hmm? Jew? Jew? No.
N-no no, Wu.
No no no no Jews.
- Jew? - No Jew.
Forget juice.
- Forget juice! Forget juice, huh? - No Jew? No Swedgin, no San Francisco cocksucker.
No Jew.
Swedgin, Wu.
Wu and Swedgin Where are the other girls? Mooning over a dress at that store.
What is it? He's in a room with Doris.
Wolcott.
Why is he with Doris? - I don't know.
- Well, why ain't he with Carrie? Carrie's napping.
I can't imagine what Carrie might have told Wolcott about Doris to make him want to fuck her.
Maybe that she reports to Cy Tolliver? To keep Wolcott from bouncing Doris off more walls? Look up from your fucking magazine, Maddie.
I would like to see Carrie now.
Assist me in a flight of fancy, gentlemen.
Well, don't make me think of Leon in a dress, Mr.
T.
Or me of him anything but fully clothed.
Mr.
Merrick appears before you.
"Somebody's fucked with my newspaper office," he says.
"My presses are a mess.
My vowel trays are overturned" or the like.
How do you respond? - "Go fuck yourself.
" - "We don't know anything about it.
" "If you ain't here to fuck or be fleeced, get on your merry way.
" Good.
Now, how about, "Referee's the only neutral in a prize fight, Merrick, and you ain't one of those.
" We could say that.
What would we mean? Tch.
I don't know, fellas.
I do not fucking know.
Well, if you don't, we don't have to either.
I am saying, far as I'm concerned, your initiative and leadership abilities and stick-fucking-to-itiveness are all in fucking question.
And, was I either or both of you, I'd consider this a fucking test.
When d'you suppose he'll show up? Once we've paid a visit to his place, Leon.
Oh! And aftermath, when Merrick's path crosses ours, he'll hear of the "neutral" and the "prize fight.
" In no uncertain terms.
And know the import of that fucking parable.
All right then.
Got any sledgehammers? Always.
- I'm going in there.
- No, you aren't.
He ain't the type to be with two women.
I never took his full history.
I'm saying he ain't! What are we to do here, Carrie? Get rid of her.
They'll let you.
I suppose they will, but that won't dispose of the problem.
What's the problem? I don't know.
I can't say.
I don't want you to have seen me.
I don't care you killed her.
She must have done something to you.
I mean something different.
I don't want to have been seen.
Then you're fucking crazy.
And you're gonna kill me in this fucking shithole.
Do you know how to make it not hurt? Now, I could cut off my arm.
I'm going in.
Your gun isn't there! I've got it.
Go on, get out! Miss Stubbs.
Mr.
Utter.
What did you do, Mr.
W? Something very expensive.
For now.
And more when I want it for as many years as I live! For all the years of my life.
Do you understand? There's trouble at my place, Cy.
Where is Sheriff Bullock when he's needed? Her last report to you, did Doris speak of getting beat on? That's the man making the trouble.
Don't you fucking follow me.
How much money you got, Jack? Don't put me in the fucking middle, Joanie.
No, I wouldn't.
$1400.
Can you run to Mr.
Utter? - Lila, tell him to ready a wagon.
- Sure, Joanie.
Go get your fucking money, Jack! Again.
Open the fucking bag for him, verify it's fucking gold.
I know.
I don't want it.
Anyways, good meeting you.
Come on out, Wu.
Juice.
If 20 don't tempt him to converse, you're fucking-A right.
Maybe you and me should be working for him.
Wu, Swedgin.
All right, Wu, it's been a long fucking day, huh? No San Francisco cocksucker.
Come on, Wu.
Al's tired.
Hearst.
What about him? San Francisco.
You think Hearst and the Chink's connected? You think he was born looking down his nose at 20,000? The chief fact is, no witnesses are extant.
The other madam was here once when I came out.
Uh, Joanie Stubbs.
Before you did this? Yes.
When I came back out, she was gone.
Was she ever in the bedroom? No.
Don't worry about the other madam.
Go to the hotel.
Eat, if you can stand the food.
This will all be took care of.
I told you, Mr.
Wolcott, all's I can't provide is the cliff.
Go on now, get out of here.
I apologize for bringing Trixie into it, and calling her what I did.
That wasn't new information to me.
After you and me talked, I searched that idiot Steve out to rebuke him and smack him in the face for being who he was.
The sheriff.
Tell me about your meeting with Mrs.
Garret.
She never once mentioned your name.
She wants to form the bank to better the camp.
And asked you to be involved? To serve as chief officer.
You'd be a good one.
I got the impression that she might be with child.
Lot, before God, could make no case for that food.
Lot's wife may have been in that food.
- Oversalted as it was.
- Mm-hmm.
I took that to be your meaning.
Aw, shit.
Stay still, God damn it while I come on your fucking leg.
You're lucky I'm not fucking you.
Ooh! You tell the sheriff how that fucking felt, me coming on your fucking leg or that I saved you from an ass-fucking.
What else did you learn at that school that teached you that? Mr.
Tolliver! My office has been torn apart.
Hard luck.
My press has been damaged.
My vowel tray beyond repair.
And the newly-arrived schoolteacher Miss Stokes has been badly frightened and has retreated to her hotel.
Do we blame unsavory elements? I regard this incident as postscript to the visit by County Commissioner Jarry.
Interesting.
Retribution for my refusal to associate my newspaper with Yankton's notice on title to the claims.
For pinning the notice, you mean, on a wall instead of printing it under your masthead? That is my meaning exactly.
Disassociating "The Deadwood Pioneer" from what I took to be the opposite of an effort to inform.
Maybe if you had done your part, calmed the fucking waters a little, instead of treeing the county commissioner, the hooples would have gone and got their loads on and been waiting for your next edition.
No, we differ, Mr.
Tolliver, on the function of the press.
Ain't the lesson for you in this, Merrick, that with fucked up machinery, the press cannot function at all? And is that the vandalism's purpose, sir? And of the dog defecating in my office, with ruffians dispatched by you as the lesson's author? I doubt they had a dog with them.
Hostetler, what the hell are you doing? He was in here fucking a horse.
I did not fuck that horse.
I'm asking you what you're doing.
I'm gonna go get a shoeing tool, and I'm gonna hit this bastard right here, and I'm gonna drop him like a piece of beef.
I never fucking harmed you.
Guess he ain't talking to me.
I didn't kill you like he's fixing to kill me.
You need to die, Steve.
Hard as you worked, as much shit as you had to eat, only way it makes any sense to kill him is if you sign everything you got across to me first.
'Cause then I could see the logic.
I'm gonna kill him, then I'm fucking gonna come back and kill you.
And this isn't my will.
Do you believe that God can act through a nigger? God does not want you to kill.
Do you believe that God would let me feel mercy toward you that tarred me and fucked his horse? I do.
But I did not fuck the horse.
Would you go hence in gratitude, if you received mercy in this stable? I would.
Write out "I fucked the sheriff's horse.
" Then we're gonna have him sign it.
- I didn't fuck the horse.
- "I fucked" I jerked off.
I came on his leg.
Would you sign off on that slight exaggeration to keep from getting your fucking head smashed in? Yes.
Would you bless colored folk and God that's Father to us all? I would and go hence in gratitude.
Go hence now, Steve, go on.
- Now go! - And if your gratitude ebbs, remember, we got your signature.
I'll go, and I'll remember.
I took a drink of liquor and it put me to sleep how he got in, how I got beside myself.
I ain't took a drink in 17 years.
- Yeah, well, you're over that now.
- I don't want any.
That tomboy get you that message? I owe you.
When they come for you like they did before, you would have did like I did.
Only quicker.
I appreciated the message.
So be it henceforth.
Was it a difficult day? No.
Momma met the new school teacher and very much liked her.
Mr.
Merrick brought her to call.
Good.
I liked her very much.
- I'm delighted she's finally arrived.
- Good.
I lack my accustomed stamina.
Bullshit, Doc.
They've been coming at Al in waves, and he stood them all the fuck off.
He'd have stopped Sherman shy of the sea.
Without the use of a leg, would they have fired me from a fucking cannon? Well, I find you in excellent fettle.
Relative to my former wreckage, hmm? Relatively speaking, yes.
All conditions are fucking relative.
So how is this? Hmm? Relatively speaking? Better than this morning.
All right, thanks.
Poke a girl before you go, Doc? Hmm? Well, change off rummaging their twats.
I hope you ain't connected with them new Chinese prostitutes.
I ain't.
But I did try to make friends with their pimp.
Yeah.
- We need to muscle up.
- Local? Don't know who's been bought.
Well, send me to Cheyenne.
You go.
I want you close.
I think I'll take a look outside.
What about that forest fucking type you used to maraud with before you met me? - Crop Ear? - Yeah, - lacked the use of a fucking horn.
- He ain't available.
Didn't I hear lately, Dan, Crop Ear's been marauding elsewheres? - Yep.
- Uh, let's not appear as fucking triplets, huh? Go back down, both of you.
Took some fucking portion of the relative fucking weight.
Okay, come on.
Come on, come on.
Someone put a hand out.
- Who got it? - Enid.
Split it three ways, Enid.
Thanks, Joanie.
Thank you very much.
Certainly.
It's $1400.
Split it three ways.
Never come back!

--- S02E07 ---
Did you know this fucking walkway connected us? Several of your patrons, in different stages of undress, have illuminated me.
What happened there? Not only was my press disabled, but my office was ransacked and feces mounded in the corner.
A message of objection to my handling of Yankton's notice on the claims.
Posting rather than publishing, huh? The camp's new schoolteacher, a lovely woman, was so traumatized by what happened that she left! Cy Tolliver.
Who didn't even trouble, when confronted, to deny it.
Why ain't you up and running again? I'm in despair.
The physical damage is repairable, but the psychic wound may be permanent.
You ever been beaten, Merrick? Once, when I thought I had the smallpox, Doc Cochran slapped me in the face.
Stop it, Al.
Are you dead? Well, I'm in pain, but no, I'm obviously not dead.
And obviously you didn't fucking die when the doc slapped you.
- No.
- So including last night, that's three fucking damage incidents that didn't kill you.
Pain or damage don't end the world, or despair or fucking beatings.
The world ends when you're dead.
Until then, you got more punishment in store.
Stand it like a man and give some back.
You use pigs too, Lee, getting rid of bodies, or some other disposal method? I don't bandy my secrets either.
Joanie.
- Thanks for the loan, Jack.
- Sure.
$100 extra is in the wrap you'll hurt my feelings not to take.
What are you fucking tipping your hat at? Like one human being to another.
Glorified fucking monkey.
Joanie Stubbs.
How is things at your place? There's just me left.
Hmm.
I see.
Could you tell me what happened to those girls? All six? I'm asking after my friend Maddie and Doris that you sent to work with us, and an outside whore pretty-looking like a doll that far as I know, when I left Wolcott there last night to come and get you, was all three still alive.
I'd be curious what happened to the other three.
They're sent away, Cy, never to return or be a problem.
As I won't be either to you or Wolcott.
And I ask after Maddie and Doris and the outside girl not making a problem, but if Wolcott killed them and there's remains, to see 'em buried.
There's no remains.
All right.
And you're there now by yourself Chez Amie.
It's no picnic, is it, honey, running pussy? Yeah, come in! Morning, Al.
Request of the widow Garret, E.
B.
, that I may be allowed to pay a call on her.
Today? Shall I tell her time is of the essence? When ain't it? - Ahh! - I'll aim for early afternoon.
Stop walking with me, E.
B! Yes, of course.
And if she pries and pokes and prods me to elicit your intentions? Tell her I wouldn't say.
And if she asks me why you wouldn't? Say you're a pain in my balls that can't desist from inquiry till told to shut his fucking mouth and act on the task he was asked to fucking do! Yes, sir.
Fine.
Thank you.
Hello.
It was bad.
There's three gone.
I know it was bad.
If you mean the three I saw off, I'm certain they're safe.
No, they're dead.
A different three? My partner and two girls.
Of what, Miss Stubbs? They'd been killed.
And she must have come here for that, 'cause she would have shot him and not been scared.
She wasn't scared of any man the first I ever met.
I see.
My mama feared my daddy and I did and my sisters too.
I never met a girl till Maddie that wasn't afraid of men.
And Maddie's dead now? And Carrie, her girl she brought, and Doris, who Cy made come with us to spy.
And the place empty of any sign that they was ever born or lived or got killed.
- And it was Cy Tolliver killed them? - No.
It was a man named Wolcott killed them that works for George Hearst.
- Why? - I don't know that.
I'm not a man.
I believe I know Wolcott to look at.
It's a secret, Charlie.
It's only between us.
I told you as a friend.
And that's how I heard it.
I'm your friend.
Don't ever walk past me.
Them Chinks ain't pulling, Mr.
T.
Even at a dime a fuck.
Well, what's been your approach? Cost, primarily.
- Inexpensiveness.
- The dime.
I would go with the strangeness, boys.
Take it head on, turn it to your fucking advantage.
Ah "Among humans, for grip, the Chinawoman's snatch has no peer.
In all of nature, the python is its only rival, though few have lived to tell the tale.
" We are dwarfs in the company of a giant.
Mind where you stomp your fucking feet! Are you are you addressing me? Too late to catch the one who taught you your fucking manners! Mr.
Farnum? A selection of choice humbles for the little girl.
How adorably she sniffs at the tang of freshness in the kidneys.
We've finished our meal, Mr.
Farnum.
Mrs.
Garret! Uh, here.
Mr.
Swearengen, ma'am, uh with whom your deceased husband had acquaintance, though I believe you yourself did not, requests an interview.
Tell Mr.
Swearengen I will receive him at 2:00.
Uh, a penny for your thoughts.
I'm glad to be leaving your company.
And as to the purpose of the meeting? Didn't Mr.
Swearengen confide? He hasn't been well.
That's twice you've fucking stared at me! I feel you breathing on my neck.
Should I exhale out my ass? And I believe you're doing it intentionally.
Why? You think I believe you're a fucking cunt? If we fight, it won't be a casual matter.
Oh, I see you've got your big fucking knife there.
And hid somewhere on your persons you've probably got some pussified shooting instrument.
But I am good at first impressions, and you are a fucking cunt! And I doubt you've fought many men, maybe even one! Take a beating! And know how it fucking feels to be helpless and have no one fucking stick up for you! Come on! I'll be at Swearengen's place.
Charlie! What did he do, Charlie? Personal fucking business! Bullock stepped in.
Tolliver's still headed towards us.
Yeah? the widow Garret's suite.
What do you know of the fisticuffs? Amongst who? Utter and that fella you was sitting with downstairs the other day.
Wolcott? Just now, when I was leaving the hotel, Wolcott had accidentally stepped on Utter's foot.
If Utter's got corns, that might could have touched it off.
Tolliver wants to see me.
Uh, should I bring him up? Tell him I'll come down.
Charlie Utter drove a wagon out of camp last night, and that whore that used to work for Tolliver was talking to someone hidden in the wagon-bed.
You connect that with the beating in the thoroughfare? Sooner than on Utter's corns, hmm? I will station myself downstairs as an observer.
Yeah, and I will urinate before meeting Tolliver, and I can avoid your fucking hovering, huh? Take your fucking hands off me, - and I'll take it fucking easy! - Stay put? Don't fucking order me around! I'm taking them off.
Please don't go back outside.
What happened? Cocksucker stepped on my toe.
Moving somewhat rheumatic, young man.
God, he's always dragging that fucking leg.
Early morning fucking chill.
In which our Deputy Sheriff Utter just kicked the living crap out of a citizen.
How does that impinge on men like us? Man beaten is chief geologist in the Hearst operation.
Hearst of the Comstock.
Hadn't you heard at all they were around? Wrong response no matter what the fucking provocation.
Amen, brother.
How do you suggest we proceed? Maybe convene with Bullock and Utter, discover the details.
Let it be known that's the wrong ox to gore.
I'll put together a sit-down.
What can you tell me, Doctor, of the man with whom I disagreed? Richardson who summoned me said it was Charlie Utter, used to be Wild Bill Hickok's best friend.
Oh, I see.
Several of your ribs are broken.
If you wish to occupy yourself in plaster, I can make some up.
I'll occupy myself otherwise.
My fee is $3.
Does your path cross Mr.
Utter's, Doctor? Sometimes.
You might tell him that I own a letter said to be his best friend's last.
If he would call on me, I would consider giving it to him.
If I do deliver the message will there be a renewal of the violence? Oh, I hope not, Doctor.
L I didn't do well in the original.
Al.
A new suit? No.
The ruddy health of your complexion may bring the pattern out differently.
I'll see you to the widow's chambers.
Go back.
Of course.
Room two on the left.
Hearst's man convalesces just to your right.
One thing at a time, huh? Mr.
Swearengen.
Mrs.
Garret.
How do you do? Thanks for seeing me.
Will you sit down? Late congratulations on the claim proving out.
I had urged patience on your husband before he had his mishap.
And yet I've always assumed after my husband's death you tried to buy from me through Mr.
Farnum.
May I go downstairs? Mr.
Swearengen's only come to talk, Sofia.
You read in here.
- You frighten her.
- I'll have that effect.
I think specifically it was your plotting against her life.
I'd take tea.
What do you wish to discuss? The child's tutor you recently sacked.
Miss Isringhausen? She's a Pinkerton.
I don't find that credible.
That's the way they like it.
Your husband's family chartered the agency to pin his dying on you, so when you're jailed or hanged, they can bag your gold.
How do you support this contention? Oh, she's come to me and wants to give me money to confirm what she says you confessed that you hired me to kill him.
How much have they offered? And how much do you ask of me as commission to tell the truth? I don't like the Pinkertons.
They're muscle for the bosses, as if the bosses ain't got enough edge So you'd side with me on principle? Now I'll finish my fucking sentence.
Excuse me.
I don't like the Pinkertons.
Being the Hearst Combine and their fucking ilk got their eyes on taking over here, your staying suits my purpose.
As much as you can, please minimize your obscenities.
Before "ilk.
" Anyways those are my prejudices and personal interests for siding with you.
Also if you want to match their 50, that would be between you and your God.
And what warrant would I have against repetitions of this interview? Oh, I'd have them write their offer out and their terms, and make them sign it.
Pinkerton himself, that cocksucker, I hate that bastard.
Please.
I'd make him write out their offer with their terms and sign it, and I'd turn the document over to you to use as evidence against them if they ever came against you.
Let me consider.
You'll tell that child no hard feelings, hmm? What tea do you enjoy? I like that fucking black Darjeeling.
Oh.
Have we a new Pope? She's some fuck, E.
B.
I won't fuck Chinese.
I got a mother living yet.
She the jealous type? You can't deny it is off-putting how them Chinese girls' quiffers don't run quite plum.
That's a fucking libel and a myth.
They'll never get my dime.
Another round, Tom, for the board.
You're past due on three.
There are them as do fuck squaws.
Pathfinders, I call them.
I call mine "Johnny Roger.
" You ever hear, Tom, the Chinese whore has a ancient way of milking you of your sorrow, your loneliness and that awful feeling of being forsaken.
Seems to me that'd leave you with nothing.
In the thoroughfare this morning, an event transpired which cannot be repeated.
As the apostle had it, time's past for acting like infants.
I assume Mr.
Utter was provoked, yet for the sake of us all, the man that provoked him, employed by who he is, cannot be fucking beaten.
What was the provocation? Hearst's man stepped on my foot.
Stepped on his foot.
Well maybe, Cy, Mr.
Utter would want to tell us about a wagon drive he took last night and who was in concealment at the behest of that whore used to work for you, and how the morning's shit-kicking resulted.
The background of the beating ain't the point, no more than the incident's particulars, or how offensive if I knew them I might find the details personally.
The Hearst interest requires special treatment.
And we can face up to that like men or get steamrolled by the fucking alternative.
Which is what? Which is them pissed off they ain't getting treated special, replacing us that don't with those who fucking will.
Did he condescend, Deputy, to your yelp of fucking pain? Jesus Christ.
Jesus fucking Christ! I don't care what brought it on.
Say it as murder, or more than one.
George Hearst's chief geologist don't get convicted of any crime in any court convened by humans.
They'll buy the judge, and if they can't, the jury or witnesses.
If not, they'll start into killing.
What the fuck are we talking about? Why would we want to know? Well, Cy all that geologist did was step on Utter's foot.
Are we fucking done here? 'Cause if you people ain't, I fucking am! If Hearst's geologist ain't pursuing remedies and Utter ain't, that leaves you speaking for the camp.
Adjourned.
He wants to talk to you.
Who? Wolcott.
We transacted our business.
He says he has Hickok's last letter.
If you see him, he'll give it to you.
Did I hear you say Wolcott wants to see Utter? The bald contempt of it.
Why not come out five abreast, cavorting and taunting "E.
B.
Was left out.
E.
B.
Was left out.
" Cocksuckers.
Cunt-lickers.
I'll make you filthy gestures.
Public service was never my primary career.
Two come this way.
I only hope, Sheriff, us having just come to fucking consensus, you intend no further worrying on this matter.
I don't.
Or for your own sake that you're coming here to fucking eat.
Gentlemen.
Farnum.
Come from the gathering of the worthies.
Whatever was purposed by your get-together at The Gem I hope came to full fruition.
Thanks.
I believe she's in.
As is the child which may confound his intention.
Mr.
Bullock.
Please come in.
I apologize for calling unannounced.
You find us in only mild disarray.
Sofia has me for teacher now, as well as guardian.
How are you feeling? Well, thank you, as I hope you are and your family.
We're all very well.
I feel better lately in the afternoons than in the morning.
Ah.
You find the right time of day to surprise me.
Mr.
Star, with whom I met yesterday, was not so fortunate.
Was that a morning meeting? I fell ill at its conclusion, or my falling ill was the conclusion's cause.
We discussed formation of a bank.
It's an excellent idea, and Sol would be an excellent chief officer.
I'm glad of your opinion.
And generous on your part, who need not put capital at risk.
Thank you.
And supportive of the camp at a crucial hour of its history.
Thank you very much.
Would it be better for you if I left? We seem to be conversing amiably.
I mean the camp.
Because I am unwell in the mornings? Would it be easier for you? Why would your leaving change in any material way my situation? I mean, as to your seeing me in the camp more or less daily, would you prefer not to? Mr.
Bullock if you believe the change in my condition and the decent concern for others we claimed as our purpose in separating dictates now your leaving the camp and uprooting your family, I will not judge your decision.
But please do not ask me to make it for you.
I understand.
I do not wish to make things more difficult for you.
Will you stay? Will she be certain to know? It becomes you.
I guess my concern is why you would invite to come a-calling the man that nearly beat you to death.
To know why he did it.
Well, I can save you time with that, Mr.
W.
Utter was dismayed you killed them whores.
Now instead of information, would your true goal be, uh further rebuke? Getting cuffed around a little more? Let me hire someone for the job, 'cause Utter's liable to kill you, and I don't need you dead.
Get out! You are tough to be a friend to.
You make a good point.
- Only one would think as mayor that - I don't know, Farnum! - Well - I don't fucking know! Uh, by all means, then let's just let the matter rest.
Go back.
Go back! You're much more fucking mobile.
What's this about? I'm done at that hardware store with their fucking harping and badgering.
Who's harping? The Jew? Are you making a fucking pun? I'm asking a fucking question.
The Jew.
And fucking Bullock also.
I'm erratic with my decimals and the like.
So harping now is a hardship on the same fucking order of a boot on your fucking neck? Do not fucking fault them, Trixie, for your own fucking fears of tumbling to something new.
Meaning you want me back there, secreted and listening in.
Attentive in particular to talk of Hearst's geologist.
Mind your fucking decimals! Charlie Utter didn't happen to look in? No.
As protective an eye as Charlie has for that madam Joanie Stubbs, if all her whores didn't make it to that wagon, and that was on Wolcott's account, you could see what ensued in the thoroughfare.
I saw Mrs.
Garret.
I support your enlisting in her banking venture.
Good.
She is as you thought.
I thought so.
I'll take the air.
Don't on my account.
I come to apologize for my work with the decimals and my attitude over my errors.
And since I do tend to be prickly when in the wrong, if you on your part was to realize Moses did the heavy lifting already, the fucking tablets and so forth that might lighten the atmosphere too.
Sure.
Guidance for me, before you turn to your numbers? Tread lightly, who lives in hope of pussy.
Is that a white male? Where? Issued from that Chinee whore-hut and walking like a man relieved.
Well, he is repositioning his johnson.
Sir! May I and my friend have a moment? We were wondering if if you fucked a Chink.
What would that be to you? Well, they're under our care.
We're their supervisors.
Yeah, at a a decent fucking remove.
Well, say I did? Well, we'd be eager to know the result.
Was it worth the fucking dime? Do you feel that they were overpriced? It was well worth the dime.
There is a run on from the other side of camp all the way down the creek.
Tallest fucking Chinaman I ever seen is keeping the line in order.
- Really? - Yeah, well, a lot of fellas, you know, outpaced by white pussy's price.
Well, thank you for your time, sir.
Thank you for that information.
Jesus Christ! You know that fucking Chinaman he made reference to, don't you? Better suited than us in every fucking aspect of the task.
Fluent in both languages and don't mind standing in filth.
A man, as it happens a rival of mine, learning the secret of a great man's lieutenant, would make that lieutenant his slave.
My rival knows that expanding the circle of the informed, diluting his power, will confound his intention, so he takes precaution to be sole sharer of his secret.
Then the world being the world along comes a half-assed knight-errant, Utter, Hickok's ex-partner, to put all my rival's plans at risk.
I'd seek audience with Utter, verify my thinking.
He earns his bread shipping packages.
And as the dimwit nobility that made him intercede may now make him reticent, you, Chief, will be my prop and ploy whilst I seek to draw him out.
I congratulate myself on having kept you around.
Why make a show of disposing of you was my fucking thinking.
It's not like we need the storage space.
And if there's a chance in 1,000 you people have been praying right, why get your boss's attention? Anyways, I've no plans of us parting company.
As you will note I have inscribed no address.
Miss Here-She-Was, Where-Has-She-Gone.
What's that to you? Only I got packages could be halfway by now to Cheyenne.
What, is it fucking Tuesday already? It's fucking Thursday, Jane.
So I got five days left before I got to leave.
No.
Oh, I see.
Well, you look your usual piece of shit.
By you, Jane.
You look like dew on fucking roses.
I, uh woke up on the dirt in the fucking graveyard, questioning dusk or dawn.
It was dusk.
I know it was dusk because it's fucking night now.
Fucking bruises everywhere.
Dished out by who? It's getting the upper fucking hand on me, Charlie.
Go on upstairs and clean up.
Right.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
Go on up.
Hurry up, Christ's sakes.
All right, Charlie.
Thanks.
Evening.
I'm fucking closed.
Banker's hours, huh? Where is it going anyway? Jesus Christ.
She neglected to inscribe the destination.
Anyways.
As far as this morning in the thoroughfare, I would have done the same fucking thing.
I'm done fucking talking about it.
Don't care who he works for, thinks he can get away with that.
You give that cocksucker what he fucking needed.
The sick fucking bastard.
I knew when I saw the wagon, for Christ's sake.
- Poor fucking girl.
- Tolliver's whore? - Never seen a girl so distraught.
- Wouldn't you be? Being a man, you believe you've seen your equal.
No.
Not to that.
She told me too.
She told you what? What she saw.
She didn't see fucking nothing.
No, I don't mean "see" in the sense of seeing.
Get the fuck away from me.
Yeah, right.
Let me get this address put on.
Evening.
Every fracas ain't a victory, Chief, Al! Al.
Why, Al? Why, E.
B? Because being present at that meeting and made as you are, blackmail would have proved irresistible, and pursuing it would have gotten you murdered.
Thank you then.
And am I still the mayor? For all of me, in perpetuity.
Full fucking day, eh, boss? They all are.
Still got that package, I see.
Ain't nothing gets by you, Johnny.
I'm going to head to Cheyenne first thing in the morning.
Don't think that's the idea anymore, Dan.
Hmm? What happened to Tolliver illustrated till the race is fucking finished, never mark the fucking wager paid.
Wakes up this morning in bed with the fucking Hearst Combine, knowing he's got us by the balls.
Whatever sick fucking business that geologist has transacted, you can bet he had his wrists in it up Tolliver? Tolliver, yeah before, after and in the fucking middle too, thinking he's got the fucking edge, which is the right fucking move.
Underwriting whatever sick business that geologist was involved in guarantees his fucking position, but what fucking happens, Dan? Fucks himself up the ass Tolliver.
No mean feat, yet how often we bring it off.
Who impressed me at that meeting was Bullock, that avoided putting his pet interests innocence, so forth, guilt, fucking who did what to fucking who before the needs of the fucking camp.
It shows fucking progress.
It shows growing maturity to what makes the world's fucking tail wag.
Anyway That's why Cheyenne is canceled.
Well, l I figured as much.
You want to fuck me, Jack? When haven't I? Would you pay? Can I double your mark and call it a gift? That way I keep my illusions.
Let me borrow this beauty, Jack.
All yours, boss.
You seem subdued.
I'm good and fucked up, Cy.
Not nearly as your friend, Mr.
Wolcott.
His day was busy as his night got his balls beat by Charlie Utter.
Sweetheart, them as dead as gone.
We give them to God and move on.
Hell, you didn't have to see them fucking throats cut.
You didn't clean up their gore.
Don't tell me you cleaned up anyone's gore, Cy.
Your friend Maddie's problem, young lady, didn't want to get old.
Well, who the fuck does? Shut up, Cy.
But them of us with stamina and fortitude don't go searching out some maniac with a straight razor - to put us from our fear.
- Stop talking.
I won't stop talking, nor show the fucking future my neck nor permit it in a fucking friend.
I propose instead you and me, Miss Stubbs, wrestle the fucking future to the ground.
We fix your place up, get all new stuff, open the fuck back up.
Knowledge ain't general what happened there, and those who know ain't gonna say.
Grant me at least as your friend, if we don't partner, while that maniac is loose in camp, you'll avoid that fucking place.
Move back here, Joanie, where I can fucking protect you.
No.
What the fuck did you come here for, if not to be protected? Don't be like your dead fucking friend, afraid to face the truth.
I was just looking to turn a trick.
Mr.
Utter.
You agree our shaking hands would be incongruous? I come for my partner's letter, which you told Doc Cochran you would give me.
I can't guarantee it's genuine but it has the feel of authenticity, and it's clear he would want her to have it.
To his wife then.
Agnes Lake.
Prudence dictates my requiring in return your account of what Miss Stubbs told you.
The prudentest thing you can do is not name that girl again with me in the fucking room.
It was she, this nameless she, who set you upon me.
"Agnes, darling, if such should be we never meet again, while firing my last shot, I will gently breathe the name of my wife, Agnes.
And with wishes even for my enemies, I will make the plunge and try to swim to the other shore.
J.
B.
Hickok, Wild Bill.
" You keep this shit up, you're going to earn a trip out the fucking window.
I am simply asking confirmation of what you were told and by whom.
And I'm promising I'll sooner blow off your fucking head and take the fucking letter from your corpse than confide any fucking particulars.
- To me? - To any fucking one, when I give my word I wouldn't.
Thank you, Mr.
Utter.
That's what I wanted to know.
Open or closed? Open, please.

--- S02E08 ---
What did you know about me, Bullock, first we met? No concern for my feelings, huh? That you were a killer.
Certain facts show in the mug.
Look at her.
You know she's fucked for food.
- What's the point? - In your mug there is no such history.
Are you a cunt-driven near-maniac or a stalwart, driven by principle? The many cannot tell, for you yourself are so fucking confused.
But you do make a good appearance, so they're prone to grant you their trust, which we will use as an asset in the coming campaign.
What's the campaign? You have friends in Montana in high positions, some type fucking judge? I've cut ties with the judge in Montana.
Amiably or owing money? Maybe you're mistrusted less as a killer than showing your cards a corner at a time.
Our cause is surviving, not being allied with Yankton or cogs in the Hearst machine, to show it don't fate us as runts, or two-headed calves or pigs with excess legs, to a good fucking grinding up.
I only mention the judge in Montana toward maybe drumming up interest in us there.
Annexation to Montana instead of Dakota? Hiking our skirts to Helena might put Yankton back on its heels.
And as minutes turn to hours over the piss-pot, I wonder, should we ruminate publicly in loud voices over forming a new territory with an eye towards future statehood, or even our own republic? No dictatorship? What the fuck do we need a dictatorship for, that silences the public voice, that eases the enemy's way? Noise made, overtures to outside interests and enlistment of the hooples' participation is what this situation demands.
And a trustworthy mug with a vague motive out there, bugling the call.
I'm not interested.
Our moment permits interest in one question only: Will we, of Deadwood, be more than targets for ass-fucking? To not grab ankle is to declare yourself interested.
What's your posture, Bullock? As you see.
Huzzah then.
"The operations of the old Aurora and Keets mines and a number of smaller adjoining claims are now entirely consolidated, accessed through the former Hidden Treasure property.
Anxious as I know you to be, Mr.
Hearst, to move to 24-hour operation, until workers at wage outnumber individual prospectors in the camp, the matter of Chinese labor remains delicate of introduction.
And we must therefore rest content with Germans and Cornish unwilling to work at night.
We shower them after every shift, and the gold they've combed into their hair with grease, we recover from the traps installed beneath the wash-house facility.
The Cornish are quicker than the Germans, but ever ready to combine and complain, and deserve their reputation as high-graders, which, if anything, is understated.
" Get down! "Through the vigilance of our security fellows, the unremitting larceny of these cunning and clannish men is held somewhat in check.
I cite in particular the effectiveness of Captain Turner, invaluable to us since the Comstock.
" Watch it! "With purchase of the claim formerly operated by the Manuel brothers, we will control save one the Garret property every considerable deposit now discovered.
" Get back in line! "I am told your arrival is imminent, Mr.
Hearst.
I look forward to showing you every aspect of what I believe soon may be truthfully described as the largest and most forward-looking gold operation in the world.
Francis Wolcott.
" No one is with child.
Tessie may have clap.
We'll take her off the firing line then.
With whatever intervening supervision, I take it these new-arrived Chinese whores to be under your control.
Well-evaluated, Doc.
I'd be available to see to their care like I do these here.
Declined with thanks.
You may not be aware that beyond their afflictions, these girls are fucking starving to death.
I ain't one, Doc, holds the white man's as the sole and only path.
I strive to tolerate what I may not agree with.
But those people's culture, their women are disposable.
They ship them unfed, replace them when they expire.
They dose them with opium, I know, which I gather eases their pangs.
Well under this arrangement, I'll withdraw my care for your whites.
For Christ's sake, Doc! No, I need to live too! Raise your rates on these then.
Don't disrupt the other fucking equilibrium.
I would see to those others pro bono.
I know what that means.
Prove to me you do.
It won't cost you anything.
Well, Jesus Christ.
Here, too, let me tolerate a different point of view.
Studying on a getaway, Tom? Ain't she a beauty, Al? Uh, in the French it's called a velocipede, meaning "go swiftly into the world.
" This is the gent's boneshaker model, and the French can stay the fuck out of it.
How's that for a contraption, boss? Summon from Farnum that cunt with the long Kraut moniker.
E.
B.
Ain't been over for coffee.
Should I ask if Farnum's come for coffee before I get you to summon that cunt? Dead and without a body, you still outstrip him for intelligence.
Would you please know Mr.
A.
W.
Merrick? - I'm A.
W.
Merrick.
- Good.
I'm Blazanov, agent for Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph Company.
- Welcome, Mr.
Blazanov.
- Thank you.
Can you show me immediately to my apparatus? Our long-anticipated telegraph operator.
Your company, having leased space for you in my office, your apparatus, sir, is next to mine, and I will show it to you with pleasure.
This way.
Has my apparatus thank you been guarded from interference? In candor, Mr.
Blazanov, some nights more successfully than others.
There's a fucking pair to draw to.
I hope the electrical fluid has not blistered with fierce voltage someone foolish to ground its potential.
I'm not aware of any blistering, and my hopes in that regard may be different from yours.
Did you see my bicycle, young man? They call that type boneshaking, sir.
They do, for a mortal truth.
Look at it this way then.
Mightn't the Lord give second chances? Not on merit, necessarily.
I ain't claiming that.
Say He does it on whim, on any basis.
And here she comes with that little one beside her and another she fixes to produce.
And keenness to my shortcomings don't blind me to seeing a-right that when a boulder needs hauling, I will haul a boulder which is asset to a woman with a child in her care and another she readies to deliver.
Now what harm is there in believing that not taking the chance might be a confounding of His will? Hmm? I'm taking that silence for fucking support.
Mrs.
Bullock.
Thank you so much for seeing us.
Good morning, William.
Good morning, Mrs.
Garret.
Please, come in.
It smells awful nice in here.
We had berry tea before Sofia's lesson.
Will you have some? Please, if it's not a trouble.
I don't want any, thank you.
I didn't know the smell was from tea.
Will you show William your corner in our other room, Sofia? Not your toys.
Show him only your books.
Thank you.
And thank you for the candy when I first got to camp.
Please, forgive the suddenness of my coming.
Not at all, Mrs.
Bullock.
I feel an urgency about the matter which brings me.
Please tell me what it is.
You know that Miss Stokes, the teacher for whom we had waited so long Has fled.
Yes.
A great disappointment to me, as I'm sure it was to you.
I hope I'm adequate to guiding my son's studies I believe I am.
But a child in solitude cannot find his gift for society.
What do you propose? That I teach the camp's children.
The water is usually brought from the kitchen, already at a boil.
- Please don't bother with the tea.
- It's no bother.
It would hardly be a bother, if I were only properly prepared.
On a second opportunity with adequate notification, we will meet you in order and readiness.
I seem always to come upon you with inadequate notice.
As you remarked, simple courtesy would forestall that.
I'm trying to imagine what courtesy of mine would have forestalled the last awkwardness between us.
Do you wish then to take Sofia under your care as well? As well as whom, Mrs.
Garret? Why, Mrs.
Bullock, as well as your son.
Whom else would I mean? - Good morning.
- Good morning, Mr.
Swearengen.
Excuse me.
Change of light.
Pupils slow adjusting hope that don't owe to morphine.
No.
Anyhow, thanks for brushing against my prick.
May I sit down? - Too early for you? - I don't time my drinking.
Dan! Mr.
Dority signs for the murder of Brom Garret on my orders as commissioned by his faithless wife.
Second document, signed by you, detailing that during transport to New York for trial along with faithless wife, Dority escapes custody.
Agreed, with these amendments: On Dority's safe return following his escape, and by your giving over the document signed by me to an agent designated by Pinkerton, or burning it in the agent's presence, the second 25.
Agreed.
Will you draft Dority's confession? I'll draft both fucking documents.
Now would you find your own way out while I explain myself to the guilty party? You wanna brush agin' my prick? Got a good fucking head on her shoulders, unlike some other parties in this room.
That's some kind of contraption he's got there.
Do you suppose had the inventor moved among us, he'd have made a model more suited to sinkholes? Oh, guided and pedaled a-right, she'll roll smooth as a ball on a green.
Ah! Yours ain't the fucking hands or the fucking feet.
So this is the famous place of death.
At that very table, Mr.
Blazanov, Wild Bill Hickok was shot.
I've read the account, perhaps from your hand? My bicycle masters boardwalk and quagmire with aplomb.
Those that doubt me suck cock by choice.
Does that signal a willingness to wager? You're goddamn right, in specie or fucking currency.
Surely odds must differ between quagmire and boardwalk.
I don't speak of the quagmire lengthwise.
Well, shall quagmire be the Bella Union gap of the main thoroughfare? - Done.
- Eight to one odds on the quagmire.
I shall swoop across it.
Uh eight to one taken to 100.
Even money on the boardwalk.
Done! Taken to 100.
Loose boards to be nailed, commerce suspended, animals, drunks and sundries cleared from my lane of passage.
Done.
May I have time to ready my camera, Tom? Uh, get going.
I'll make fresh plates and new stop-bath.
Whatever the fuck that means.
Come, Mr.
Blazanov.
Come come come.
What has just happened? Those who doubt me suck cock by choice.
I'll bet $6.
00 he don't make it down the boardwalk! I had time only to make cold meat sandwiches after seeing Mrs.
Garret.
Fine.
There's cold cider in the cellar.
I'll get it.
She thought it wonderful that I should teach the camp's children.
- Good.
- Wonderful.
That poor woman.
Husband killed, left alone.
Any person would have found her situation sympathetic, let alone someone of your instincts.
Mr.
Nuttall has received a bicycle.
Has he? William was very excited to see it.
Good.
Your food is ready.
He's out back waiting.
William is.
That's mighty good for business.
Shut up! There's a girl sitting by herself in that whorehouse Joanie Stubbs.
Next you see her, give her my congratulations.
Seeing you know about losing friends, you might be a good person to go on and talk to her.
How does standing in my own puke prompt you to volunteer me to give a condolence call? Why fucking wouldn't it, Jane? You like being situated how you are? What fucking friends did she lose anyway? How are Martha and William? Well.
What would you think of Marcus's lot, Seth, as location for the bank? I could see arguments in favor.
He's going back to Bismarck.
Asking 14,000, which I find reasonable.
Obviously, the location is its great virtue.
Under all the circumstances, I disagree.
- Too central? - Not too central, no.
I'm thinking more the chief backer might find unpleasant this building being always in her view.
I see.
Anything further you need explained chapter and verse? I hadn't understood the matter continued so tender.
It ain't tenderness, avoiding provocation.
It's common fucking courtesy.
Which neither of you's showing fucking much toward me.
It's over.
It's finished! You've got the worst brother Mose as ugly as he is, that miserable a disposition.
Mr.
Manuel, how are you, sir? Fuck you, Tolliver, your crooked games and your watered-down liquor.
Francis Wolcott, Mr.
Manuel.
- Thank you for coming.
- State your business.
An admirable rigor in manner.
Would you join me, please? Do I guess rightly, sir, that you and your brother do not deal happily with groups of men? Nor each other.
Yet you have made a rich find and have done very well in beginning its development.
State your business.
Further development may require organization on a scale and dealings with men to which you and your brother are not suited or not disposed to attempt.
With thieving bastard Cornishmen, you mean.
Underground in the shafts, high-graders, every one of them.
The interests I represent have learned to deal effectively over the years with high-grading and other forms of theft by employees.
You ain't learned no effective method when it's my brother going against you.
Against us in what sense? In all five fucking senses.
More reason you and he might sever connections toward taking separate paths.
I'm sitting here, ain't I? We would offer 200,000 for an undivided ownership on your claim.
We'd both have to fucking sell? I'd presume your brother has stays and encumbrances on your right to separate sale.
He's encumbered every fucking breath I've ever fucking taken.
Would it expedite matters if I made our case to your brother? I'll make the fucking case, once I find the saloon he's in.
He should understand that our patience is not inexhaustible.
- Did I say I thought that? - No.
Don't tell me how to talk to my brother! Certainly not.
Unless you're trying to fucking irritate me! Opposite of my intention.
Cash.
Mrs.
Garret.
Why do you linger? The stages are frequent, and you're past your stated purpose.
Have you another? Please, Mrs.
Garret, do come in.
Do you believe I do? My beliefs about you have to do with your soul, which I feel is cold and ungenerous, unless you are a counterfeit.
And if you are a counterfeit, the deception comes so naturally, I'd credit its source in such a soul meaning cold and ungenerous, and as capable of counterfeit manipulative and treacherous as well.
Who can you think I am, Mrs.
Garret? I, a poor working girl? You are not.
I only hope your high wroth, ma'am, don't bespeak some affair gone amiss I hope to Christ not involving Mr.
Bullock.
Even under such duress, you oughtn't presume to strike me.
For who do you take me then? For who do you mistake me? I mistake you for no one, Miss Isringhausen, and I know you for a fact.
All right then, Mrs.
Garret.
You've had your fit of temper.
Get the fuck back to your room.
How's his toothache? I ain't requiring about his toothache, Richardson.
And you oughtn't be requiring about his toothache either.
You ought to be hoping that His Nibs will be sleeping, so we can both sneak away and go watch the ride.
What are you what are you? You stupid Mr.
Farnum, are you in there? I need your permission, Mr.
Farnum.
I'm coming in.
What's killing you? What's afflicting you? Stop it! For God's sake, get away from me! I put clove-soaked cloth to my tooth.
I must have gagged on it - when I was napping.
- Are you saved, sir? Your filthy hand was down my throat! May I go out to watch the bicycle? Watch the earth yielding up its dead, so long as it's not near me.
And never violate my private office again! That cocksucker.
What do you think of that, Chief? Some kind of fucking division of feeling or something? Yeah!? If I'm overstepping, boss, I apologize.
I'm waiting.
Sometimes I hear you speaking in here when I know there's nobody in here but you.
You have not yet reached the age, Dan, have you, where you're moved to utterance of thoughts properly kept silent? - Been known to mutter.
- Not the odd mutter.
Habitual fucking vocalizing of thoughts best kept to yourself.
I will confide further.
Lately I talk to this package.
The severed rotting head I paid bounty on last year of that murdered fucking Indian.
Well, anyways, it's the late shift.
You subscribe one way or another to Tom Nuttall's big ride? No.
I'm I don't see him making it, but I didn't want to root agin' him.
The Indian got an opinion? Don't the decapitated deserve recreation, Chief? As much, if not more so, than those of us yet not dismembered.
Whew.
You, fucking Chief, are uglier than before, when you were also not a treat to the eyes.
Oh! Suffer the low vantage.
It's better for my standing in the camp.
That is a lay-down you propose! Corruption won't never breathe stinky on my bicycle! Sent many of your friends to the Happy Hunting Ground.
Formidable Tom was, and no more a fool now than time shows us all.
Using the smallest possible aperture, Mr.
Blazanov, and the fastest shutter speed, our endeavor is to capture Mr.
Nuttall's attempt in all its vigor and velocity.
We gotta sell this claim, Charlie.
Why? 'Cause if we don't, we're gonna fuck it up.
Speak for yourself.
Speaking for myself, if we don't sell, you're gonna fuck it up.
Speak for yourself.
Come on, Tom.
Go on, my son! He made it, Chief.
My brother had an accident.
What's his condition now? Fatal.
Dead.
Fatal gunshot.
So, an accident handling his weapon.
A self-inflicted wound.
Fucking stupid, showing off when he's been fucking drinking.
Or a stupid fucking trick, more than one fucking time he'd do that.
For Christ's sake.
Are there other kin, Mr.
Manuel? There's just us.
Mother and father dead, no siblings What did I just fucking say to you? Do you accept our offer as your brother's sole heir and agent of your own interests? Cash upon execution.
We already executed.
Jane Cannary! Jane Cannary coming in.
- Hello! - We're closed.
I ain't here for any funny business.
My name's Jane Cannary.
You and me got a pain-in-the-balls mutual acquaintance, Charlie fucking Utter.
How do you do, Jane? Joanie Stubbs.
Would you like a a drink? Yes! But my opening position is no.
I'm having a drink, Jane.
I'll probably join you directly.
Charlie says you lost your friends.
Yes.
Uh I don't guess it was plague.
No.
Fucking violence, probably.
I worked a plague tent last year.
People spoke of the good you did.
Some left the tent upright.
Maybe I will have a fucking drink, just for sociability's sake and 'cause I'm a fucking drunk.
Well, what's your preference? That it ain't been previously swallowed.
Bourbon if you got it.
Bourbon from Kentucky.
I should certainly fucking hope so.
Thank you.
Murdered? Your friends? It's best probably not to talk about it.
If we held to that rule, we'd be mute like monks months at a fucking time.
Three of them were murdered.
The others shooed from camp so they wouldn't be.
I heard of a beating Charlie Utter dispensed to some cocksucker yesterday.
I wonder if that's connected.
I wouldn't be surprised.
Yes.
Does he pose a further danger to you, the cocksucker? That's what got you sitting in the dark? Sitting counting as waiting? Oh l I will say that's an attitude fit for darkness not knowing what else to say, or pretending that it ain't familiar.
Anyways, I'm fuck.
I'm pleased to meet you, pleased to meet you.
Pleased to meet you, Jane.
All right.
Thank you for coming by.
Mm-hm.
Don't you want your drink? I guess I'll leave it.
Refined spirits will sometimes convulse me.
Mr.
Ellsworth.
I was hoping for a word.
As many as you'd like.
Is your purpose clandestine? Private, as far as that goes.
Sofia's taking her nap.
Let me get you a better chair.
Oh, would it speak ill of me that I'm comfortable here? The other morning, you was indisposed.
I regret having imposed that on your attention.
I had a wife took by typhus and our baby girl.
- I'm so sorry, Mr.
Ellsworth.
- Oh, thank you.
Anyways, I'm acquainted with certain experiences.
Throwing-up mornings, as an example.
I see.
And I'd say not claiming credentials for raising a family, as my time with them was brief but I'd hope it'd testify to willingness as a candidate for marriage and so forth offering myself.
Completing the sorry presentation.
I'm deeply grateful for your proposal.
May I ask a brief interval before giving you my answer? Long as you like.
It will give me time to get up.
I'll ask a little longer than that, and some solitude.
Mmm.
Of course.
Thank you very much, Mr.
Ellsworth.
Yes, ma'am.
Is the boy warm enough? Yes, thank you.
This roof over our heads, Mr.
Bullock, testifies to your care for William and me.
The fostering affection and guidance you show my son to shape him into a man will only deepen my gratitude to you.
As for myself no further demonstrations are necessary as other duties claim your attentions.
None such as you conceive since your arrival, nor will they again, whatever the state of our relations.
Do not sacrifice further on my account, Mr.
Bullock.
I reject the offering.
I repudiate it.
I find it poisonous.
Aha.
Not the eyesore of my previous visit, huh? Ah, Al, welcome.
Yes yes.
Tidied and reconstituted, prompted in no small measure, I might add, by your very much appreciated exhortation.
I just jotted a few fucking thoughts down for your perusal.
In what regard? Well, peruse it and you'll fucking find out.
What the fuck is this? Uh, that is a telegraph apparatus, whose operator, Mr.
Blazanov, presently is taking the air.
"Sheriff Bullock would not confirm having met with representatives from the Montana Territory to discuss their offer of annexation.
" Is this true, Al? Did he fucking confirm it to you? I haven't spoken to Bullock.
So, then I guess it ain't confirmed.
Answer me this fucking question.
Why in fuck do I find out about this telegraph operator arriving tardily and by accident? I wasn't aware that you were owed official notification.
Merrick, you and me are allies, marching into battle together, and aren't smart-assed replies amongst allies a waste of fucking time? Uh allies? Marching? Allies marching is exactly fucking right.
And this operator hitting camp is big.
The main dereliction is Farnum's, whose bailiwick specifically is new arrivals, but you have also been fucking remiss.
What battle are we marching toward in formation of some sort, Al? I purchased the sleeping equipment.
Mr.
Blazanov, Mr.
Swearengen.
How do you do, Mr.
Swearengen? All right, Blazanov.
That's some pronounced fucking accent you've got.
I am Russian.
Now you could have waited saying that before I was fucking seated, huh? Mr.
Swearengen was keenly interested to hear that you're the camp's telegraph operator.
How do you do? Oh, no no no.
How do you do? You are the master of the fucking secret code and all the other fucking secret things, isn't that right? Not so secret.
No, that's some fucking skill.
I'm sure people are trying to bribe you right and left, huh? No no, I'm not allowed.
Oh, nor am I, no.
None of us are.
We are, every one, strictly forbade.
That's the fucking beauty of it all, huh? I think I haven't enough English for you, Mr.
Swearengen.
Bullshit.
You have the perfect exact fucking amount.
My only question for you, young man, is your feelings on your prick being sucked constantly and without charge, yeah? Whoa! And thus you encounter one of our wonderful meaningless American traditions, Mr.
Blazanov, the tall-tale conversation, and-and tales and good nature.
- Hmm.
- The Gem, Blazanov, my saloon.
Very convenient to your place of business, huh? Via private walkway, which I will employ as we speak, or by the public thoroughfare.
Visit and you will experience a tradition only used in this camp or my place by newly-arrived telegraph operators fucking free, be their preference of tale tall or fucking otherwise.
And by all means welcome to America.
Evening, Bill.
Jane ain't with me, 'cause she's a drunken fucking mess, and I don't know what to do about it.
I know you want her looked out for, and I'm doing my fucking best.
But I won't stand before you claiming optimism.
Other news.
That letter you wrote your wife just before that cocksucker murdered you, it come to my hand.
I won't even try explaining fucking how.
And knowing what we know about our fucked up postal system, I ain't committing it to the fucking mails.
You know I will try to get it to her, which I prayed be a portion off your mind.
When I've found where she's at, on my way setting off, I'll tell you.
All right.
God bless you, Bill.
And as far as Jane, as drunk as you've seen her, you've never seen her this worse.
Between us, maybe having lost wanting to keep on.
So I don't know what the fuck to do! But you know l I'll keep trying.
Is this adequate, Mr.
Manuel? Your brother's mortal remains are housed inside under the care of Mr.
Lee.
Do you speak Chinese? I do not, sir.
However you accomplish communication with that son of a bitch, then the more the disgrace to your soul! Are we through here? Can we finally complete our transaction? It fucking happens the fucking gun he was cleaning - when he shot himself was mine.
- Is that so? And I'm asking to know if a person of the mind to blame me will have a way to recover the fucking bullet? I expect not, Mr.
Manuel, or that other than yours, any such mind is in the camp.
I suggest you think of other things, like the money that Mr.
Tolliver's waiting to present to you at the Bella Union.
That easy to forget a fucking brother!? Money has properties in this regard! Though no remedy is discovered yet sovereign against sentimental remorse.
Close your eyes! It's open.
Do what you came to.
I don't know what I came to do.
Is it easier saying that? The other nights I've known.
You're supposed to look out for that madam, fucking asleep at the switch.
Where's fucking Charlie to piss in my ear when he's fucking needed? Basil Hayden bourbon, you were waiting for me.
No, my friend Jane left that.
And you leave me alone! And I got a fucking gun in here too! And get the fuck out! And lock the front fucking door! Are you the fucking cocksucker? I may well be.
Did you just kill that girl in the Chez Amis? I did not.
That girl in the Chez Amis is well.
- So whose blood's on your fucking mug? - My own.
My name is Francis Wolcott.
If you find me untrue in any particular, I stay at the Grand Central Hotel.
Who runs that joint? A grotesque named Farnum.
You ain't lied so far.

--- S02E09 ---
- Good morning, William.
- Good morning, Mr.
Bullock.
Are you sometimes permitted coffee? Yes, sir.
About a third of a cup? Completed with cow's milk.
As to sugar, three spoons? Is this is the morning, do you suppose, the tip of this lamp, like an Indian spear, goes into the top of my head? I don't know, sir.
Does it stand comparison with your mother's? No, sir.
Stiffened with a further lace of sugar? I mean that he would make it, sir my father would.
Do you have time to sit a bit? I suppose I might do, having chopped the kindling last evening.
Why don't you tell me about your father, William? I didn't know my brother so well as you had a chance to.
I was nine when Robert left our home.
I think you knew him longer.
You were 11.
I knew him pretty well.
What did he like doing best? Sometimes he'd sing.
Not army songs, but other kinds.
He would make Mother laugh.
He made the best duck calls of anyone.
He would send away through the wood, and he taught me comebacks, and feeder calls and hails.
Mr.
Utter and I have some camp business to see to.
William, are you a good duck caller? I suppose I'm pretty good.
I could show you, sir.
I know of some potholes over Belle Fourche way that are pretty good for ducks.
All right, sir.
Goodbye, Mr.
Bullock.
E.
B.
Farnum, Al.
Come in, E.
B! I've been prostrated by the agonies of the damned.
Judgment is upon us then.
A molar rotted through.
Distressing me also, that you are my eyes and ears and a day as eventful as yesterday should find you indisposed.
Some solace in knowing I'm missed.
You missed the advent of the fucking telegraph operator that had you steered into one of your rooms, you could have kept tabs on henceforth.
The pain nearly killed me.
As you still breathe amongst us, I shall ask you to befriend this fucking Russian.
Russian? The fucking telegraph operator, E.
B.
, is a fucking Russian.
Of course I'll befriend him.
I'm very fond of Russians.
And as the trust between you deepens, we'll be particularly interested in messages to and from Yankton.
Yeah? Sorry, E.
B.
Al, you might wanna take a gander at that.
E.
B.
Is leaving.
You won't miss him.
He's living at Merrick's and looks like the prize at a carnival.
What a delightful image to carry away with me! Swearengen's put the paperman's boat to sea with a hold full of fucking bullshit.
- He wants 5,000 more upstairs.
- Jesus Christ! Tell that fat bastard he can come down and get it hisself.
He says it's 100 if I bring it up.
Is the five you already brought him in any kind of action, Tess? It's just for him to look at while he fucks you! So, do I want my $8.
00, Tess, of the $9.
00 he pays for the fuck, and my 90 of the 100 he gives you to bring it up to him, or do I want to give fat boy the opportunity, if he has to come down to get the other five, to test his luck on the floor here amongst the games of chance? - I see.
- And don't mistake me, honey, I want to take the time to explain myself to you.
We've come to see Mose Manuel about his brother getting shot.
Fetch Mose Manuel, Tess.
Tell him Sheriff Bullock wants to pay his condolences here amongst the games of chance.
All these rumors, Sheriff, swirling around you.
How do you keep your hat on? If you'll sign right here, ma'am.
And give us a A.
G.
In the corner.
Is that abbreviation a term of art in financial transactions? Ought I acquaint myself with its meaning? That abbreviation, ma'am, is your initials.
And by asking the whereabouts of the currency I signed for receiving, do I reveal an even deeper stupidity? The coach from Denver should get in today.
And the safe we've purchased to be housed in the bank we're to build? It's inside the coach, as well.
Safe's inside the coach and the currency is inside the safe is the full picture.
- There, I did manage to be stupid.
- No, ma'am.
And you will see to the safe's temporary situation - at the Star & Bullock hardware store? - Yes, ma'am.
Gaze averted from the awkwardness such a situation generates.
Fixing my eyes instead on its pluses securing your money.
Excellent then, Mr.
Ellsworth.
May I further impose on you to convey this letter? Of course.
Mr.
Swearengen? - Please! - All right.
Is there anything else for us to discuss? Not at this time.
I'll be going then.
- Who's that? - It's Joanie Stubbs.
You're outside my place.
Keeping half-assed vigil after the fact.
Well, come in and tell me what you mean.
Nah, that's all right.
Uh, that cocksucker you spoke to me of come from here last night with a bloody fucking mug.
I gave it to him.
Good.
Anyways, he told me at rifle point you was okay.
- I am.
- I knew if he was lying you was dead, and feared finding you so in the darkness.
Scared that way since I was small.
Well, come on in, Jane.
If you was alive why fucking knock was my thinking.
Interfere with you getting to sleep - or being asleep already - Jane, it's nippy on my twat.
All right then, see you later! Do you remember you were in here yesterday? Yes, I fucking remember.
Well, why not come in again? Maybe I just fucking might.
Hey hey hey.
Nigger General's got a wild horse on his hands.
- Whoa, boy, whoa whoa.
- I pity the brute beast who pits his cunning against the Nigger General's! Whoa oh, shit! Come here, boy! We can catch the cavalry before they head south and sell him for $100! But they want their horses cut.
Where'd you catch him? I sprung a rope fence behind him in a box canyon.
He'd escaped the Sioux but his path crossed an in-season mare's.
Whoa boy, whoa boy.
Now, I can nut him, but the moon is wrong, and he's gonna take it badly.
Fuck, I ain't losing my chance at 100 waiting on no fucking moon! Okay.
Don't put your ass on me.
Hey! Hey! Come on, boy.
Come on, boy.
Wash him so he won't fester.
Hey, I got him.
All right.
Come here, boy.
Come here.
Now, if you want to take it out on someone, remember it was very dark-skinned white folks that cut on you.
They just sounded like niggers to throw you off.
This one's a "D.
" And this one's a "G.
" And what's the first one? "D"? "Sheriff Bullock declines comment on the swirl of rumors that parties in Helena with whom he has had long association are keenly interested in annexing our camp to the Montana Territories.
'The Pioneer' also learns of interests more developed and advanced on the part of Wyoming.
" You knew Cheyenne would be heard from.
Get the fuck up off them steps! Here's where it gets really fucking busy.
"And of an offer secretly proffered by certain elements in Washington D.
C.
To annex to America these our beloved Hills as a separate free-standing territory, with an eye towards eventual statehood.
" Making Deadwood fucking headquarters.
Don't spread your legs for them just yet, Johnny.
Not with Mexico to be heard from and fucking France.
There.
to satisfy the widened interest I expect today's edition may generate.
Wonderful, eh, Mr.
Blazanov? - 100 copies extra.
- Okay.
Shall we walk a bit, my American and Russian friends? Shall we? I can't leave my apparatus.
Are not all of us, Mr.
Blazanov, tethered in some sense to our labors? And at some point in our lives, is not acceptance of that tethering discovery of a path to joy? Don't know, Mr.
Merrick.
And does not the very knowing we are tethered allow us in conscience upon occasion, the rejuvenating pleasures of respite? Take your walk alone, A.
W.
, for I confess I'm mesmerized by Mr.
Blazanov's machine and hope he may explain its workings.
- Has Al seen "The Pioneer"? - I don't know.
A mystery you should seek to solve.
Good day.
Ah, good day, miss.
Uh, A.
W.
Merrick of "The Deadwood Pioneer.
" - I wish to send a telegram.
- A telegram.
Yes, of course.
Then that's Mr.
Blazanov there you seek.
How do you do? Blazanov, Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph Company.
- How do you do? - Miss Isringhausen.
Mr.
Farnum.
I wish this message sent.
Oh, of course.
I have a form for you to write on.
Please.
Hmm.
Mmm.
You seem uncowed by Mr.
Blazanov's apparatus.
Are you initiate in its mysteries? Fuck off.
Please.
Ah, gentlemen! Ah! Oh, Jeez! Ah, what news? This ink-stained wretch has just produced an overrun of 100 copies! Dan, don't you agree that the truth, if only a pinch, must season every falsehood, or the palate fucking rebels? And mustn't the novice chef be mindful not to ladle out his concoction by the unseasoned fucking ton, lest before he perfect his art, he lose his clientele? I'd like the ball scores a little more fucking prompt.
Excuse me.
Al Swearengen, I would not go into that office if I were you.
Were you fucking born yesterday? No, sir, I was not.
I was not born yesterday! Then may we please have a conversation as fucking adults? I think we'd better! I ain't waiting.
Give this to him.
Tell him whatever its import, he'd best not serve the sender ill.
He's in with Merrick, E.
B.
I bear news that don't want to wait.
Every rumor you floated in your article, Merrick, I believe is a living possibility for this camp, and I want you to fucking hear that as a compliment.
If so, it's the first from your lips.
Because all them possibilities called next to accomplished fact in one fucking outgush makes people smell a rat.
Yes, I suppose so.
These interests coming after us, Merrick, they're fucking rough.
They're going after our nuts.
They're hypocrite cocksuckers, and the fucking lying tactics and instruments they use to fuck people up the ass can be turned against them.
My newspaper being such an instrument.
But scale, amount, proportion, seasoning.
Drink that fucking second shot, Merrick! I like my fucking liquor.
A trait in you that gave me early hope.
I like stinking of fucking ink too.
- Give it a fucking smell, Al.
- No.
So you enjoyed writing your fucking article, huh? Worse ways to spend a night, putting shoulder to a fucking idea.
Evidently, I put mine to overmany.
Pursued down overmany avenues.
The camp's welfare was the main idea.
Al! Something strange has transpired I need you to construe.
What? - As I was befriending - Come in! As I was befriending the Russian operator, that woman tutor came to send a telegram.
We jockeyed a bit as I sought a glance at its contents, and finally, she shouted in so many words and here is the strangeness in a tutor, to get the fuck away from her Since the private part of this meeting's over, Ellsworth brung it.
- In so many words.
- Where's the tutor now? - Still with the operator, apparently waiting for an answer to her message.
Leave by the front entrance.
Walk around for a few minutes before you go back to your place.
Bring that tutor up here.
The Russian too.
It felt like something you'd want to construe.
Go away, E.
B.
All right.
Certainly.
It's the seeds from the sunflower we had in Fort Quitman, which I had in a jar which broke and mice ate most of.
So now I only have these three.
I didn't know you brought them.
Mr.
Bullock has been missing Father.
I talked to him about it this morning.
As Papa liked the sunflower, I thought Mr.
Bullock might as well.
Then shall we plant those together? Press the soil firmly on them, while I get the watering can.
Maybe we should take Mr.
Bullock lunch at his store.
An accident befell my brother is the sum of what I know, and be glad I choose to say it.
Gutshot, at Nuttall's No.
10 by his own hand? Correct.
The day you sell out the claim you two were partnered on? Correct, and fuck yourself, and don't act entitled to answers.
Why was Charlie handling the gun? Fuck yourself, and don't act entitled.
Why weren't you two watching Nuttall's bike ride? Fuck yourself.
I want to see his gun and his remains.
Where is Charlie buried? My brother is buried in a secret burial place by his own private instructions! Jesus Christ, Bullock! Put together a court or don't! - Quiet, you! - Don't hush me in my own fucking joint.
And if we take it outside, old man, expect a different outcome from the other fucking day.
You best have five of your fucking cappers then with rifles at the ready.
I got five and five behind them, indoors or out.
I too must report to the sheriff a death, a Cornishman at theft has been shot in Mr.
Hearst's claim.
- Killed? - Yes, in flight.
It's all fucking amalgamation and capital, ain't it, Wolcott? Mr.
Utter, are you a student of Hume? Smith? A disciple of Karl Marx? - Come on, Charlie.
- My employer, Mr.
Hearst, has interests and connections in Montana, Sheriff, as are imputed to you in this morning's "Pioneer.
" - You shut your fucking mouth! - Get him out of here! - Down, Charlie! - Sure got to you, didn't he, Mose? - Now he's got to get you to die! - Come on, Charlie! Mm-hm.
Let me, uh get my arm through here so I can secure my toast.
You're gonna lift me one time too fucking many! You don't go back in there if I let you go.
- I'm leaving the whole fucking camp! - Going where? A letter come to hand I need to take to Bill's missus.
Excuse me.
Excuse me.
Camp business.
He wrote just before he got killed.
I see.
And you know who fucking give it to me? How crazy life got? And money must buy these bastards any-fucking-thing they want! That cocksucker inside, Mr.
Amalgamation & Fucking Capital! Hearst's geologist gave you the letter? And God knows who he fucking bought it off of or how many hands it passed through.
It fucks me up thinking Bill's missus got to handle something that cocksucker touched.
Was it over the letter you beat him the other day? No no.
Excuse me.
No, I give my word not not to say what that was over.
I'd best go, lest Mr.
Amalgamation & Capital takes one through the fucking head.
What's the import of that expression? Do I look like I'd fucking know? Some big-shot eastern magazine reporter interviewing Bill said that was what's changing things around.
Jane.
I don't know what's gonna come of fucking Jane.
I'll keep an eye on her.
You should lock her in that cell and don't let her fucking drink! And don't fuck yourself up over Mose Manuel.
He will get hisself fleeced of what is rightfully his and what he got by murder.
He'll be judge on hisself and jury, too, just like the fucking most of us.
Coach from Denver.
Here's yours.
Good luck, Charlie! We've brought you and Mr.
Star lunch.
Thank you.
I'm up! You want the bath? I may well get to that.
- Ample here, ain't it? - Yeah.
Uh, formerly a cooperage.
My friend Eddie that bought him out said the man had been a season ahead of himself.
Well, lovely as it's fixed as a brothel, I expect you will reopen soon enough, uh restock and reopen.
You'd think so, wouldn't you? Stay awhile, Jane.
Be my guest.
Favor me and stay.
I get top fucking dollar.
New saloon in the camp, Jane? I know that's some clever opening gambit to culminate in breaking my balls.
Just saying I checked the usual spots 'cause I wanted to say goodbye before I left camp, so in case you go ahead and fucking die Goodbye, Charlie, goodbye.
Have a good fucking trip.
Shut the fuck up! 'Cause it so happens, when you return if no trees or animals killed you that you were fucking driving crazy with criticism you will find I've moved out of this shitbox so I don't have to fucking embarrass you or fucking have you hovering over me like the ugliest fucking nurse in the fucking universe.
- Into where? - Into where what? Into where are you fucking moving when you fucking move out of here? Into the fucking whorehouse down the way, which you fucking sent me to see that woman at, if needing to piss in my ear didn't crowd out every other thought or recollection in your head! How did the two of you get along? Did I just fucking say I was moving in there? Which being it's a fucking whorehouse could indicate some fucking business arrangement or some other fucking thing.
Yeah, I'm gonna be Queen Hooker.
You're a keen fucking student of the human scene, Charlie! Well, good.
Good.
Where are you going, anyway? I've made a decision not to tell you.
If you made a decision not to tell me, what did you just fucking tell me for? My decision is not to tell you my specific destination 'cause I don't think I should.
And that's that.
Well, have a safe journey to your unannounced destination and a safe fucking return.
And good luck to you with your new living arrangement.
And, uh my best, please, to Miss Stubbs.
And you not only a fucking pain in the balls, Charlie, but also the strangest fucking person I ever met.
- You'll get no argument here.
- Good! Three plus three would equal six.
Well, I sometimes put nine to amuse myself.
All right, take it up.
Vigilant to detail like his pa.
I'd think Mrs.
Garret as the bank's chief backer might wish to be present for its opening.
Well, as far as that, I got her proxy.
Yes, but wouldn't she wish to be? Perhaps she would.
I can ask.
Excuse me.
What the fuck is going on? You ask the wrong fella.
The water comes to a boil between them two fucking women, I will fucking guarantee you that much.
Have you proposed to Mrs.
Garret as you fucking swore you would? Leaving aside what I did swear or didn't, - let's say I fucking have.
- And? That's where the matter stands.
She ain't said yes or no.
How did the lady incline, fucking Ellsworth? I wouldn't guess, fucking Trixie.
Did you present yourself enthusiastic? Well, I didn't dance a jig if that's what you're asking.
Or more fucking glum-like, next to inviting refusal.
Not glum, not inviting refusal.
Straightforward, I'd call it.
- Sincere? - Yeah.
Well, what the fuck is her fucking problem then? You're a worthy enough fucking candidate, given all her fucking givens.
Warm endorsement.
She'd have to state her reservations.
Mrs.
Garret writ me a letter saying how yesterday she lost her temper with you somewhat, and judgment, she tipped she was on to you being a Pinkerton.
Oh, being bright, I expect you concluded it was me must have told her, meaning maybe I had sold over to her, and with my allegiance now in question, I expect you wired the Pinkerton big-shots, arguing you oughtn't sign any documents that might be able to prove that you, the agency and Mrs.
Garret's fucking in-laws hired me to lay at Mrs.
Garret's doorstep the murder of her husband.
And further, Mr.
Swearengen, that as to purchase of your allegiance now in question they might wish to keep the bidding open.
Bidding is open always on everyone, Miss Isringhausen.
But I expect you understand, knowing as I do, should Mrs.
Garret lose her claim, rather than operate it themselves, her cunt in-laws will sell to third-party cocksuckers inimical to the whole of my interests in this camp! To buy my allegiance against myself, in-law cunts and shit-heel operators would have to bid very high indeed.
No, more likely, Miss Isringhausen, I think you'd contemplate changing your allegiance before I would mine.
What benefit would I consider might accrue to me? I intercepted your shit-heel boss's message back to you, through the miracle of telegraph, and it answers that very question.
As I have it here before me, I will read it to you verbatim.
"Miss Isringhausen, as this will save you great pain and keep you from being killed, sign all documents Mr.
Swearengen has drawn.
Take the $5,000 and disappear.
Yours sincerely, your boss, Pinkerton Shit-Heel.
" The $5,000 alluded to in the invisible telegram, can the money be produced? Without, of course, exposing him to the contents of the document, I would want the sheriff present at my signature, and as my escort from the camp.
I bet that can be arranged.
I can't betray the confidence of messages.
Don't guarantee what you'll never do, Blazanov, not without imagining your feet stuck to the fire.
Sir I am a person whose parents have been murdered, and no other family connection and feeling, and believe in confidence of messages.
What the fuck is all that supposed to mean? I hope feet in the fire would not change me.
Congratulations, Mr.
Nuttall.
- Thank you, young man.
- How's the boneshaker? Unshook.
Which would be a fib to say about me.
I've come, Sheriff, to ask what you've learned of the shooting yesterday in my place.
Mose Manuel said his brother killed himself by accident.
Uh, by accident? Two hours before Mose sells their claim that Charlie said they'd worked theirselves lock, stock and barrel to the Hearst interests? There's no witnesses, Tom.
Hurtful, brother against brother, in a joint that bears my name the most recent hurtful event.
But might I ask William to assist me in calibrating the boneshaker's handlebars? Go ahead, William.
I don't know how to calibrate handlebars, sir.
Knowledge is overrated, William.
Diligence is what's required in the service of a willing spirit.
Oh oh oh oh easy! Easy, boy.
I use my right hand to pour.
And then Mrs.
Bullock said as it's yours, you might want to see the safe installed.
- Did she? - Yes, ma'am.
Having brought the midday meal as the safe arrived with the money inside.
And what did Mr.
Bullock say to Mrs.
Bullock? He said that might be a good idea.
With enthusiasm equaling yours as you describe the moment? I'd say on Mr.
Bullock's part, about equal enthusiasm, Mrs.
Garret, yes.
- Despite which Mrs.
Bullock persisted? - Yes.
Well, perhaps I oughtn't to disappoint her.
Earlier when I asked what else we might have to discuss, I referred to my proposal.
I took that to be your meaning at the time.
Chose not to respond.
Not to, yes, as I hadn't yet made up my mind.
- Have you now? - Nor have I now.
Would you have me decide now, before I act on Mrs.
Bullock's invitation? Do you put me to those terms? I guess there's no burning rush.
Shall we go for a walk, Sofia? Are you certain you won't join us? Thank you.
I tend to forego the midday meal.
It occurred to me, Mrs.
Garret having reason to be present in any case, that we might discuss in more formed a fashion, our plans for the children's schooling, more constructively than in some previous conversation.
- I'm delighted.
- Wonderful.
Mr.
Swearengen asked to see you, Sheriff.
Not just now.
A man tying the right rope to the frame and the other end to a thunderhead, could use the machine to tow clouds.
I wish I was taller.
Well, when your legs lengthen, I calculate you will be among the great cloud haulers of the world.
Just to ride like you did yesterday, Mr.
Nuttall.
You should have seen your face.
The Bella Union Gap was my crucible, William the fabled mud slick.
I shifted shoulders forward uh, not too much, and at a sledge-trench, ho! Swung my buttocks left, by God, turned the bars just so, thump! The buried plank, bom! And did I not come through a treat? Good afternoon.
- Good afternoon.
- Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, Mrs.
Garret.
Good afternoon, Mrs.
Bullock.
Very good wishes on a venture offering opportunity to so many in the camp.
- Thank you.
- Hope.
For taking up the education of the camp's children, my Sofia included, thank you.
As I feel I expressed inadequately when last we spoke.
- Bite of meat, Mrs.
Garret? - No, thank you.
That appears to be the safe.
William, do we dare ride double? - I do if you do.
- I do! Dauntless then! Courage high to the sticking place, and honor bright as I mount and circle and consider the best way to swoop you up.
Awaiting you here, sir.
Great.
Beautiful.
This all seems very much in order.
First depositor.
Uh, it's to witness some wrist business, Sheriff.
Al said brief but of crucial importance.
- How long will we be? - Brief, very.
And you would save me a beating.
Excuse me.
Get your head on it.
My head is on it.
Get your head on it, Tess! It's on it, Mr.
Tolliver.
It does sound like a girl with a mouthful, Mr.
Manuel.
Jesus Christ! Her tongue in her cheek can achieve the same effect.
I require a conversation with the sheriff.
Confess a crime.
You're fucking cheating me! Get the fuck out from under there! I ain't cheating you, sir.
Will you have another dealer, Mr.
Manuel? Another fucking cheat? Hot and cold's the way the cards run, sir, time immemorial.
I want it back.
Give it back to me! Give him his last wager, Leon.
We will call that one no bet.
Yes, sir, Mr.
Tolliver.
All of it.
Everything.
Now, I can't do that, Mr.
Manuel, as I believe you know.
And those rifles are aimed at your head.
Everything! Including youth, Mr.
Manuel? And why not beauty? Not credibly restored, perhaps, but as a new non-negotiable term? Would you not have, too, your brother Charlie resurrected? Would you stipulate your envy of him be purged? Surely, you insist that Charlie retain certain defects his ineffable self-deceptions, for example, which were your joy in life to rebuke, and purpose, so far as you had one.
I suppose you would see removed those qualities which caused you to love him, and the obliviousness to danger which allowed you to shed his blood.
I want to talk to Bullock! Get the fucking doc! I could have cooled that out.
On my order, Mr.
Tolliver, Lee will burn this building, mutilating you before, during or after as I specify, or when he chooses unless I forbid.
Oh, my full attention is at your disposal.
Tell Sheriff Bullock what transpired here before getting the doc.
- And now how many? - Eight.
Two portions of four.
Very good, Sofia.
May I have candy? You ask a reward, Sofia, for doing your numbers? Where would you get such an idea? "Received from Trixie" The whore.
May I sign the first receipt? Yes, please do.
Huzzah.
I'm to fetch Sheriff Bullock.
He'll be back momentarily.
All right, let's go.
- Ready, ready? - Ready.
Here we go.
Up! Up! We missed.
Trial run.
No harm done at all.
Hey, swing around, Tom! On my way! Tie off that leg rope.
Don't you want to serve your country as good as they been to you? I bet you don't even vote.
Hold that leg rope! Whoa, hey, whoa! That's between us.
Tell no one I give you that.
I'd best not, but thank you.
You keep it a secret, and you won't get into any trouble.
And if you told I helped you on the bike, that's between you and your father.
Oh shit! Hey! I think my back's broke.

--- S02E10 ---
Horse run trash like that over by accident, still ain't a white man on earth gonna stand up against roping us up, now is there? - John Brown would've.
- Psst! Come the fuck from over there now.
Sheriff got a kid? And a wife.
I sold him the plot they built they house on.
Jesus.
Mrs.
Bullock! Put that tub of guts on the sled.
Take him to Joanie Stubbs! Every day since I've been in this camp, white folks shot and stabbing on each other still walking around to do their business.
Maybe we could too.
Now, the onliest violence we meant was to that stallion's prick, and then to turn an honest dollar.
- Closed! - Well, when you re-the-fuck-open, note Jane Cannary, extending stay in camp, asking you to turn out her horse.
I'll note it down.
- Short Nigger General in there? - No! How about that stud he brought into camp with his cock hanging past his hocks? He ain't here.
Congratulations being closed! There goes no one associating me with that horse.
I ain't begging them for mercy.
I hadn't ought to have to do that.
Jesus Christ, Hostetler.
It's my fucking choice.
I ain't begged and I ain't starting.
I'm gonna break your fucking arm if you don't let go of that gun! Let's ride for six hours, Hostetler! Ain't no harm in that.
You won't have to beg me once.
Hell, if you still want to do it, I'll shoot you.
If it come to that, I'll do it myself.
He's definitely alive, 'cause being lifted into the cabin, he give a moan out and blood come from his mouth.
I told you the state of affairs.
As of 15 minutes ago.
Run back to the doc's cabin, Johnny! - See the boy again.
- Shut up.
Maybe since you saw him, he's changed, or the half his chest stove-in may have healed, or his poor broken head.
Shut up or I'll throw you out.
Sign these documents and leave unharmed.
I can't trust that, Mr.
Swearengen, being that it's not to your interests.
That applies to you most, fucking sitting in that chair distracting my fucking thinking.
If I have to come over there, I'll cut your fucking throat for you, pen yet put to paper or not.
Half-smart fucking cunt.
Bring me Adams' fucking shadow.
Fucking Hawkeye.
- Ah, that poor boy.
- What do you want? The sheriff's tragic preoccupation is also inopportune.
Commissioner Jarry returns to Deadwood.
How do you know? Believing that Blazanov had borrowed my acacia gum, and as Blazanov was no longer present, as I canvassed his desk for the missing gum, I came across the information by accident.
- Telegram from Jarry.
- From Crook City.
To whose attention? To the separate attentions of Messrs, Wolcott and Tolliver.
Ironic, Al, isn't it, that having turned my newspaper to partisan purpose, and in the name of the camp's welfare, within the day, in the name of that good, I progress to betraying without regret the sanctity of private communications? Ah, well.
We come to know the truth of our actions only in the protractions of time.
- When's the cocksucker arrive? - Next coach, his message said.
Unless he's being of aid to Bullock, bring the Jew up here too.
Do you think the rumors we floated in "The Pioneer" are what prompt the commissioner's return? Yes.
And that wishing to preempt Montana and Wyoming, he means to secure us for Yankton and Dakota.
And to sweeten the deal we'll strike, these interests we've fabricated must be given face.
And thus the uncharted journey continues.
Merrick, please.
As we'll be more often in each other's company, when given to utterance of that type - Mm-hm.
- Consider drinking, hmm? They congregate outside Cochran's cabin.
They've taken the child there.
Well, I wish him well.
Shit.
Where's Hawkeye? I see, Dan, with the world off its axis, I'm no more to you than a room clerk.
Hawkeye, E.
B.
, is he here or fucking not? Not.
For three days.
Will you have a shine? Leave your shoes while you eat.
You see Hawkeye, you grab him and bring him to me.
If you leave your dirty clothes, I'll see to them.
Did you fucking hear me?! - Hawkeye! - Yes.
A broken heart does not impair hearing! Did they get that fat bastard to Joanie's? Did her ladyship take him in? Ain't towed him halfway yet, boss, Leon and Con.
We got to get a better sled.
Less the sled's holdup than Con's.
Says he threw a rupture.
You go back to that fucking circus act, and tell him to get Mose Manuel to Joanie's or a rupture won't be a tickle to the pain I'll throw at him later! - Commissioner.
- Where will I find Sheriff Bullock? His boy had an accident.
He's with him at the doc's.
- Where is the doc's? - Oh, don't be a fool.
Yankton's interests force imposition on Bullock's privacy, as I think, Mr.
Wolcott, do your employer's.
You'll get a pistol-whipping and not learn a fucking thing.
These injuries mortal to earn such commendable deference? Mortal's how I'd be betting.
Of course that casts a different light.
Very sad for the sheriff and his son.
Can that paperman be made sensible? The article's a plant from Swearengen, if that's what you'd want to ask Merrick.
That's the beginning of what I want to ask.
Don't take much, does it, Commissioner, to get your balls tucked up.
They are very sensitive to changes in weather.
You feel one coming on? I am a sinner who does not expect forgiveness.
But I am not a government official.
Al wants to see you at The Gem.
- When I can.
- No, he didn't say nothing about - I'm saying.
- You're saying what? When I can.
Are you getting fucking smart with me? 'Cause I'll lift you up in the air and carry you before the whole goddamn camp like a fucking turtle with its legs wiggling.
Oh, hey! Hey! You go on and wait.
Hey! Hey, Adams.
Where's Hawkeye? I don't know.
What did he do? - Al's looking for him.
- For what? You're about to take a goddamn beating for every fucking time I've been asked "What for?" Already today.
Any chance Al wanted Hawkeye to ask him where I was? I got to take a shit.
- Put it off.
- Won't be put off.
Besides, it ain't the kind that takes that long.
I'm waiting.
I ain't going back empty-handed.
Fine, fuck it.
Just keep your distance.
Just 'cause I'm looking for a bottle I might have misplaced during my drinking days does not mean if I find a bottle that I'm going to fucking drink it.
Jesus Christ! You, uh you know whose horse it was? "Whose horse it was" what? You don't bandage him.
Mr.
Bullock, your frame or mine couldn't withstand a stampeding like that, never mind the unstable one of a boy of William's years.
Further, his brain has been hurt to an extent indicated by the loss of control of his eyes.
His eye movements are no longer coordinated.
Might it be of some comfort, his mother talking to him, for him to hear her voice? It might well.
His father's too.
Tell your wife that it won't hurt him to put a cloth to his brow.
Just stand there? No, build yourself a fucking shrine! No, I mean, should I knock and let Doc know I'm there and then stand the fuck outside? - Yeah, do that.
- Thanks, Trixie.
The cocksucker upstairs sends his retriever out to collect me with instructions I'm to wait till summoned.
I suppose then you should sit the fuck down.
And I come, too, and find you like you never left this place to learn your numbers.
Did you teaching me make me accountable for my whereabouts the rest of my fucking days? If he wants me, he can fucking come find me.
Why not wait and find out what he wants? Why don't you tell me? Because I don't know that, Mr.
Star.
Other events have a claim to attention.
He knows about other events.
Ain't you his fucking lapdog, Trixie!? I ain't nobody's fucking lapdog.
Hard to think of you coming to learn numbers without its being to his purpose.
Any more to that fucking thought? I'll have a fucking drink.
Have the horse's piss.
It's on fucking special.
If you couldn't be of use, he wouldn't have sent for you.
I wish I could help you more.
I've been walking for two hours.
I'm starting to think that place is a fucking mirage.
Let me take a turn.
Maybe I better not.
- He asked to see Hawkeye first.
- This is Adams! I know who the fuck it is! So just shut the fuck up and sit down.
How do you lay claim to a passable mind while ignoring if I'd wanted to do you in, my inviting the sheriff up here to witness? By not putting it beyond your own mind's quality, Mr.
Swearengen, to have enacted the incident in the thoroughfare, which then drew the sheriff away.
Have you come to murder me, Silas? I wouldn't turn down the chance.
Even swayed at last by my manly composure, you sign in a false hand.
Mightn't this be my true hand, and my hand to the hotel register false? Wish I had five like you.
I expect that puts you up.
Last thing required at a child's sickbed, unlubricated drunk sweating and fucking vomiting.
Well, I ain't one for blood, is my worry.
Aw, I may be worse hurt than him.
In whose keeping would the horse have been? Whose oversight would have let him loose and not have seen him pursued? Every answer lay at the livery.
I propose we put in towards a white satin comforter to be presented to the injured boy's mother.
"Back in three hours," scrawled in nigger on a sign pinned to the door.
Oh I wish I'd have caught 'em leaving.
Torn-up fucking back and all, wish I'd have seen them run, the pure fucking niggerness of it.
Here's Tom.
Take that fucking thing outside.
Outside with it, leaned somewhere out of sight.
Uh, on behalf of all of us, uh, just to say we're sorry.
Thank you.
Tom Nuttall bears no more responsibility in any fucking way to the hurt to the sheriff's boy than I do as an innocent fucking helpful bystander! Jungle fucking niggers! Before his present troubles and whilst you pursued your preferred activities, your partner Bullock joined in a campaign to which I hope you will now subscribe.
What do you mean my "preferred activities"? Oh, a reference to your people's penchant for money-getting.
A poor attempt at wit.
- I don't find those funny.
- I apologize.
If you want my help, don't insult me.
Oh, Jesus Christ, show me the secret grip that proves my regret and let's be about our fucking business.
Will you salt Adams with expertise about Helena's politics and Butte's, to be taken by this cunt commissioner as samplings of a vein of familiarity so rich, wide and deep as to leave this commissioner in no doubt that Montana, stiff-pricked, courted Adams as Deadwood's representative so strenuously towards annexation it forced him to flee, lest he say, "Yes yes, take us now!" And yield the virtue of the camp on the spot? Yeah, I'll school him.
Does William Bullock continue unchanged? As to Ellsworth's proposal of marriage, which way do you incline? Do you take us in from on high then, Trixie, and are you privy to all our secrets? Which way? The prospect of Ellsworth in the role of father delights me.
If it's fucking him gives you pause, he'd never make you.
What gives me pause, having had the experience, is the prospect of marriage without love.
Yeah, but when it came to cases, you took that fucking leap.
Ellsworth waits on your answer whatever you await before giving it.
Bye-bye.
Names and places, Star, as instructed, leaving it to us as to their deployment.
Butte has got Montana's gold.
Being territorial seat, Helena might well romance us, for balance against Butte.
Clark and Daly are the two strongest men in the territory.
- Both from Butte? - Both from gold exclusive? Clark started in mercantile, but he's strong in gold now.
Any chance they might combine? Hah! They fucking hate each other! - Who's the later arrival? - Daly, from Salt Lake, with Comstock money behind him.
Backed with Comstock money, you'd consider his connection to Hearst? What do we know of Clark's ways? - Clark or Daly? - Clark, Star! We can't chance Daly.
I don't know Clark's ways or Daly's either.
I'm not from fucking Butte, remember? I wonder if Clark's ever been to Helena.
Yeah, he's been to Helena.
I fucking ate with him once, all right? Don't tell me you might recall what type appetite he exhibited or his preference as to food.
Don't tell me we might be fucking getting somewhere.
Oh, murder me someone! Quiet.
Uh We slide these under the sled, lever the cocksucker vertical tilt him further forward and drop him on the sofa.
Why not just run at him from across the room and stab him with all three pitchforks? Ain't you gonna cut? I have other patients.
I choose not to undertake a futile and exhaustive procedure.
Guessing through the fat where his heart is, the bullet's lodged too close.
I'm still in fucking discomfort, Doc.
Nurse him, he's herniated.
He's the cardsharp told me about Bill.
I'd punch that cocksucker in the balls before I'd cup them for comfort.
All right, slim.
- Hey, Joanie? - No chance, Leon.
The doctor says that the cloth to his brow may comfort William, and being spoken to.
If I had kept him in Michigan Yes.
I want to take him home.
Doc says better he's not moved.
There's no better about it.
Is there? What does the doctor tell us to say? Mr.
Merrick, might we have a word? You and I, Commissioner Jarry, have nothing whatever to discuss! Seek your conversations elsewhere! I hope that will achieve what the party adjoining us intends.
Thank you.
So what the fuck do you want with us? Shut up.
I hope that even in the gravest of outcomes, the sheriff's crisis could produce the blessing of our reconciliation.
I'm listening.
Well, then shame the fuck on you! Gentlemen, we are men of experience.
Self-interest is immutable, but its dictates vary daily.
You talk like you take it up the ass.
I do not, my friend Adams, take it up the ass.
Don't call me your fucking friend! But I suspect those that do consider that they advance their own interests.
Like them, shall we not pursue that which gratifies us mutually? - If you'd calm the fuck down.
- I'm the one he insulted.
I've got pride if you fucking don't.
I've got pride, I just know when to swallow it.
Maybe you take it up the ass! Jesus fucking Christ, must I make you leave the room? Gentlemen.
Tell him what Bullock had you doing.
Tell him what you were doing in Montana.
Any turn here, come get me at the Chez Amis.
- Sure, Doc.
- I'll be operating on a whale.
It strains credulity.
The imagination balks.
I sit here, right, and he calls me a fucking liar?! No one is calling you a liar, Mr.
Adams.
In fact, I'm sure even you would agree, the idea of a man conducting the business of his territory - from the back room of a restaurant - The Stonehouse! The Stonehouse offering a bounty for the allegiance of others while wearing a bag over his head.
I won't pretend it didn't strike me strange.
Maintaining anonymity, clearly, while forming an impression of Adams.
The mind imagines other paths to the purpose.
I'm giving less and less a fuck for what you strain and balk at too.
Apart from what the bag bespeaks of the wearer, what concerns me is their offer for your support.
Ask me what ought to concern us is the offer fucking real? We turn the camp toward Montana, $50,000 ain't unreasonable.
Though anyone can bandy numbers.
What's unreasonable is fucking Bullock's quote on his cut.
Clark would have the 50, but was the man really speaking for Clark? Consider another alternative.
What if it was Clark who was speaking? Why would a representative of Clark, unknown to Adams, therefore unrecognizable, never to meet him again, conceal his identity beneath a bag? Maybe he had open sores.
Clark knew you would be able to recognize him from photographs, or at least it was a risk he might not want to take.
Anyways.
If Deadwood could grant an interval before answering Montana's offer, I will convey my impressions to Yankton and learn whether they wish to counter.
I have no objection.
Though I speak only for myself.
Mr.
Swearengen, you are far too modest.
Gentlemen.
What just happened? We knocked the cocksucker up.
And soon he will find himself delivering.
- The 50? - Elections.
I wonder how that boy is doing.
Ain't my department.
You could put yourself to more distance.
I'm scared to go off in the dark.
I can't piss when I'm scared.
What about Oregon, Hostetler? You could be my apprentice.
Carry love notes from pot-gut shitheads to those fat-ass women that they keep on the side.
I'm gonna catch that son-of-a-bitch and take him back to camp.
That could bring about some killing.
Kill the horse, that's on them.
I guess it's their right.
But they ain't gonna get to kill me.
'Cause when it comes to them cases, you'll blow your own fucking head off, and once you've cheated those white cocksuckers, won't they just roll around and gnash their teeth? What d'you mean "cheat"? "God damn, Hostetler beat us.
He done come out victorious with his fucking head blowed off.
" I ain't never cheated no white cocksucker in my life.
For that matter, no nigger either.
They ain't hung you yet, Hostetler.
And maybe they won't even get the chance.
But they sure have made you crazy with pride.
A man that did go back to tell his part and brought the horse that he set loose to them that he caused to suffer, paid respect for the pain that he couldn't fix now if'n if'n it happened that they forgive him, so he didn't have to do to hisself what he wouldn't let be done to him well then, I guard, that man might think, setting forth afterwards with whatever fucking loudmouth went along with him that if he made it to Oregon alive the two of them might open a livery.
Then let's find that fucking horse.
Back among friends.
With what increase in knowledge? Mr.
Merrick proved reticent, so I made a call to The Gem Saloon, where Swearengen and that young cutthroat Adams Yankton's young cutthroat times past, if memory don't deceive.
Adams, as it happens, had just returned from Helena.
He was sent there by Swearengen in order to hear from Montana an offer to annex this camp.
It emerges further that, pretensions to holiness notwithstanding, your Sheriff Bullock is the courtship's go-between.
There's all kind of sense in that Bullock bedding down with Swearengen, being as they just nearly killed each other.
Might not greed and enmity in Bullock be served by passing on to Swearengen an overture beneficial to Bullock's pocket, requiring of Swearengen the demeaning business of filling it? What did the Helena conversations produce? An offer of 50,000 for Swearengen to back Montana.
He's losing his belly for the grift.
I'd have said they offered 100.
Impossible, certainly, to know what offer was made, and if made, would be honored by Montana in the act.
Will they entertain other offers? That Swearengen traffics in bribes, I testify to firsthand.
That your employer is a man of means, you have amply demonstrated.
Swearengen putting himself up for auction, and as he has not hitherto without the stipulation of local appointments, is the development of consequence.
Let the Montana offer be real or a fraud of his concoction, Swearengen is certainly real.
Your employer will have to decide whether he wants to pay Swearengen and not quibble over his pumping the price.
And let those who are dismayed over the enlistment of Swearengen recall that combat makes comrades, and be resigned.
Biggest fish I ever seen landed, Commissioner.
Did I say that resigned enough? Had Swearengen word of Bullock's boy? It's surprising which comrades will show up sentimental.
Trixie asked me to thank you for finding her error in numbers this afternoon.
Ducks have landed on the Spearfish Pond.
Father's eager to hear you sound your calls.
Hear you calling them in.
I'm proud of the calls you've made.
I've much enjoyed showing you how to make them.
Now you make them better than I do.
Thank you for caring for your mother at times when I'm away.
It's a comfort to know you are with her.
I am much pleased now that we all can be together.
I am so much pleased, William.
As is your father.
Calling ducks and your garden helping your mother, and that we love you.
Rest now, William.
We'll rest and rise together.
Account for yourself, Richardson.
I'm praying for the sheriff's boy.
To the god of antlers and hooves? It protected Mrs.
Garret when she walked alone at night.
I'm asking it to bless his journey.
Pray away then, moron, for all the harm you will do.
But leave off when the guests ascend.
Why ain't you among the circumcised? The day saw advances, Trixie.
None miraculous.
Where's the gimp? On watch outside Cochran's.
Why not stand with her? Oh no gimp.
Can't hold the cup.
The hoof hits just one inch to the right, the boy's pain is gone, they don't have to watch him suffer.
I doubt he's omniscient.
I know he's myopic.
Why don't you concentrate on the fucking task at hand? Go on! Hold this.
Now we may not be able to find the bullet in and amongst the adipose tissue.
Or, finding it, we may not be able to remove it or, removing it, to avoid killing him.
I guess we could give it a fucking whirl.
My name is Cramed.
I heard a boy was trampled and like to die.
You look familiar.
I came last year to hustle dice, took sick with plague.
I-I minister now in Lead.
How's the new racket pay? Knowing this camp's without a minister, I come to be on call to the family.
Shall I ask elsewhere or will you tell me their name? Bullock.
Their boy is at Cochran's cabin.
Thank you.
$2 a room if you're staying over.
- I may.
- 50c off for clergy.
$6 extra if they set up for dice in the room.
Avoid looking left as you exit, if idolatry offends you.
Good evening, Richardson.
I will take the air very briefly.
I've left my door ajar, indicating my trust for you, which you've well earned in days past, escorting me so reliably.
Will you stand in the hallway above so that you may answer if Sofia wakes and calls out? Um, "Your mother is just away, Sofia, very, very soon to return, and and all is well.
" Yes, ma'am.
Perhaps without going inside, as this might frighten her.
Yes.

--- S02E11 ---
Sorry, Bullock.
Can you abide me beside you Yankton's man is among us.
Even under the circumstances, he may try you to confirm we're allied.
If he does your nod'd advance the cause.
All right.
Yeah, you fat fuck, you're alive.
Let me die.
What, is that "thank you" in whale talk? - Drink this.
- No.
Drink it! Get up, get the doc, and tell him he's got a live one! Tell him, too, his rupture patient left here to convalesce at his own fucking place, you give him a shoulder to lean on as he was getting the fuck out.
Next time he opens his eyes, he's gonna think he died and went to heaven.
Cocksucker! Yeah, San Francisco cocksucker, Wu.
- Your mortal fucking enemy, huh? - Swedgin.
- Wu.
- Swedgin.
Yeah, I make these as burned-up whores that I smelled on the char this morning with your San Francisco rival turning the fucking spit.
Swedgin fucking knows.
- Swedgin know.
- I know about the burned-up whores, I know about the San Francisco cocksucker setting a match to them.
Now, here's the part you gotta listen to, Wu.
It's China.
- China.
- Yeah, Chung Kuo, China.
Celestial whores in the fire.
What? They their spirits are fucking nothing if their bones don't get back home? Is that it? And do you come to me to back your move against your San Francisco cocksucker rival? Am I getting the drift here, Wu? - Swedgin! - Swedgin fucking gets it.
Swedgin doesn't give a fuck! Back to Chink's Alley, Wu.
Fall to your fucking prayers.
I can use the plate if you want to leave that.
Why don't I back him? 'Cause Hearst is in the other Chink's corner.
Meaning Wu has to lose.
It wouldn't be the worst thing backing a loser to Hearst.
Let him pick me up from the canvas after, dust me the fuck off.
I raise the great man's hand, murmur best as I can through split lips, "Your man beat my man's balls off, Mr.
Hearst.
" But Hearst's Chink bossing that alley ain't to my fucking taste.
So what if something delays the battle of the Chinks? Say during that interval I get to show my ass a few times to Mr.
Hearst.
Meanwhile, that pain in the balls Wu is sketching up a storm, drawing little pictures of himself brandishing the lash, driving from a delivery ship a quota of Chinks to be blown to pieces by dynamite working in the mines for Hearst, at half the fee per Chink that Hearst is paying the San Francisco cocksucker.
Now, by this time Hearst has seen my ass so many times, he knows I'm no long-term threat, so some brief opposition of our interests ain't gonna make him feel like he needs to engage me in a death struggle, say, by opposing local elections.
Those circumstances, we can risk backing Wu, and the great man figures, "I am damaged by neither outcome.
Why not retire to a neutral corner, and test my import against the locals?" What delays Wu going after the other Chink? Or the other Chink going after Wu? That too.
Well, if the other Chink can be dissuaded, Wu we can put on ice.
Well, how do we dissuade the other Chink? I suppose laying eyes on him would be the first step.
My only question is push comes to shove, wearing them Chinese dresses, how well can you ladies fight? You're staying, Adams.
Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph Company.
- Telegrams for delivery.
- Mr.
Blazanov.
On our day of grief.
Our acquaintance is established, Blazanov, and for my part, our friendship.
- Thank you.
- You needn't announce yourself every morning and your purpose.
May I suggest as well that rather than you delivering your telegrams upstairs, interrupting the rest or secret depravities of well-armed guests, I could distribute them in these pigeonholes to be collected by the guests at their leisure? I am not permitted.
A man must put bread on his table, Mr.
Blazanov, I well understand.
Suppose, to compensate you for lost gratuities, I were to pay you $5 a day? Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph Company requires personal delivery by Blazanov.
I am not permitted.
Yet avarice is numbered among the sins, and stupidity omitted.
No Gem whores at the railings today.
- Why not? - Al won't permit them on the balcony.
He lets them on, they'll be leaping off.
Very dramatic we get at the passing of the fucking young.
Yesterday was a terrible day.
Do not even fucking ask me to account for my coming here, advising you how to answer Ellsworth.
You haven't changed your opinion, have you, Trixie, as to my accepting Ellsworth's marriage proposal? My new opinion is, few choices as are ours to make, others should stay the fuck out of the process.
Quiet like that since the boy's accident? Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph.
Telegram for Mr.
Wolcott.
- How are you today, Mr.
Blazanov? - Thank you.
Telegram for Mr.
Jarry.
Yes, I am he.
Thank you.
You've packed your things.
Thrown them, it looks like.
What is it you wish to say? That I'd hope in the throes of this day you'd not make any final decision.
I can't bear to stay.
The minister's here to discuss the service.
Reverend.
Mrs.
Bullock, my deep sympathies, which I conveyed to your husband last evening.
Thank you.
You wish to discuss William's service.
I suggested to Mr.
Bullock that we hold service in front of the house.
That would be fine.
As to the substance of the service, do you wish Psalms, a reading, my words, hymns chosen, speakers in memoriam, - a second reading? - Let the service be brief.
- Yes.
- Certainly.
Uh, do you wish to provide me a detail or two of William? I don't want that.
Do you have a favorite reading? Did he? - You choose something.
- Certainly.
And you'll announce that the burial is private.
I will.
Will there then be a passing-by of the casket after the service? No! Certainly.
Thank you, Reverend.
My condolences, Sheriff.
My deepest sympathies.
The answer is yes, Commissioner what you want to know.
Having to do with Mr.
Swearengen speaking with your voice? Yes.
That's all now.
My reluctance to intrude nearly kept me from coming at all.
Mose Manuel made it through.
Thank heavens.
The doc fixed Con's rupture too.
Go shoot some dope.
Thank you, sir.
It's been a hell of a trying evening.
I have a check for $50,000 I'd like to cash with you.
I show that courtesy to people who gamble in my joint.
I wish to afford you, Mr.
Tolliver, a chance to show my colleagues in Yankton that you are not blinded by parochial rivalry as to what the greater good requires.
You'd deliver the 50 to Swearengen? Who'd no doubt prefer the check, to have the bribe on record.
So this ain't you just being a twitch who likes rubbing people's noses in their losses.
Shall we transact our business in the cage, Mr.
Tolliver, where I was attacked the other day and you failed to come to my aid? I see you made it through the fucking night.
Oh, Jesus fucking Christ.
Oh, this is gonna be a pleasant fucking day, them wailing and gnashing their teeth.
Will they be allowed to pay their respects? By who? By you, most importantly, as always.
And should you in your greatness consent, will he let them in his fucking house? I won't object, but it's yours to keep them she-apes from disgracing me.
As to Bullock's feelings, get the Jew to find them out.
Should I, um, ask about you also? What the fuck would I want to go there for? Shut the fuck up! Hot! Hot! I mean, I know it's supposed to be, but I ain't fucking used to it.
Well, maybe wait a little.
Yeah, I'll wait a little bit before I fucking get in.
Did it ever occur to you strange, bathing in a tub you've dirtied coming out thinking you're clean? You need a bath, Jane.
And I'm gonna fucking take it! I'm raising the general fucking question.
If you want boots different from your regular No, I do not.
I will clean my fucking regular boots.
Should you do that before your bath? No! Turn around! Don't go! Dumb fucking luck it must have been me living this long without your fucking guidance.
I don't like new boots either.
I ain't afraid of newness it's the blisters give me pause.
I burned my fucking snatch! Or funerals.
Or funerals, what? Any more than I like new boots.
I don't like funerals.
I do! I do! I can't get to enough of them! Trixie.
He'd have me ask might the whores pay the dead boy their respects? The service is outside the home.
All in the camp are welcome.
They'd be sure to keep to their place.
Why did you go to him? Now, hold to this counter as I reveal this, Mr.
Star.
I've lived most of my life a whore, and as much as he's her misery, the pimp's a whore's familiar, so the sudden strange or violent draws her to him.
Not that I wouldn't learn another way.
Look fucking mournful.
Even more? Sad day, gentlemen, on which commerce must intrude.
Says who that it must? Because of the death of the sheriff's son.
You need to ask, you don't deserve an answer.
I should say that even in his hour of grief, Sheriff Bullock conveyed to me his reliance on you as his proxy.
And as his proxy, I don't do business on the day of my godson's passing.
I'm compelled to wonder, Mr.
Swearengen, if this show of grief is a pretext to some other purpose.
What a type you must consort with, that you not fear beating for such an insult.
If Montana, for example, had sweetened the terms in annexing this camp, and you'd delay the closing of our business not for piety, but to pursue your other negotiations Leave here with your sick fucking ghoulish thinking! I'll have further instructions within the day.
If not honor, practicality dictates granting Yankton further counter.
You come back here offering one more dollar than that 50, you'll find yourself face down in the horseshit.
But you would entertain enhancement of the offer other than cash? I do not discuss business on this day.
Silas.
You're buying yourself a fucking bum's rush, Commissioner.
When Mr.
Swearengen says go, he means it.
All right.
All right.
I'm not without imagination.
A counter without currency is in the offing.
You do remember me, Andy? Three times we've worked together Memphis, and on the river and in Kansas City.
And we were meant to here, but you fell ill.
I've changed.
You're bound to resent my presence in the camp.
Well, see, I haven't changed, or changed the rules, which against your having gone soft-headed, are fucking inviolate against you running a game in my territory without prior arrangement, and on my fucking terms set and agreed in advance.
I'm not running a game, Cy.
I fucking schooled you, Andy Cramed, to the variety that can be played.
I don't practice deception anymore.
The opening pronouncement of a dozen we both can name.
I was nursed last fall in the plague tent and saved to be born anew and preach the risen Lord.
The Lord risen, or the wheel, or the shell and pea in this camp, for you, it's by my leave.
I will suffer any indignity Which I still have not heard you solicit.
Interference with God's work, I will not suffer.
Then you had best be moving along, Andy, 'cause absent tribute, even as His employee you don't get to fucking operate.
Don't let me find you trying, Andy or it's into the woods once more, only this time, left nailed to a tree.
I don't know what you will understand of my speech and I don't give a fuck, or what terrorizing them human bonfires this morning intend towards the Chinks still under your thumb.
A white man's son is dead that you will be doing business with.
On the day of his son's burial, the smell of burning flesh ought not offend his nose.
The only showing you need make that you've understood our chat is a stop to them fucking fires.
And you might want to put off other violence while you're at it, as a decency to the day, you heathen fucking cocksucker.
Jesus fucking Christ! There will be no violence between you and Wu while the grieving goes on.
My God, act civilized even if you ain't.
I am a civilized person.
Then take your civilization and get the fuck out of here! He got the fucking message.
Wait on Wu if you want.
Wait until what? You want to go to the fucking service or fucking not? Don't have to ask us twice.
What the fuck I want to go for? What price will you take for your hotel, Mr.
Farnum? Why do you ask? Because I want to buy it.
Do you, sir? I presume as agent for other parties? Presume away.
Is it warm in here? - To me it seems chilly.
- Chilly, is it? Richardson, Mr.
Wolcott finds it chilly! Not around.
I'll see to it, sir.
If you are chilly in 10 minutes time, pray for my immortal soul, because some fatal mishap will have befallen me.
Short of which, I will not fail to dispel the chill now afflicting you.
Cocksuckers.
Think they can take away everything.
Oh, cocksucker.
Found it outside dead under the window.
Well, why'd you bring it inside? Poor little finch.
Throw it out and wipe your hands.
If a bird taps on a window or crashes into one, that means that there has been a death! We know there's been a death.
We know now, but that bird crashed into the window and died a while ago, before we knew for all we know.
I've shined me and Al's, but I ain't doing yours.
Oh, well, I got me some new boots.
They pinch bad, but they got that factory shine still.
Johnny, you can't wear nothing new to a funeral, especially not new footwear.
I ain't never heard that.
Maybe 'cause when they was telling it to you, you was too busy listening to that bullshit about birds flying into windows.
To be kept till after the after-funeral fuck rush is over fucking confiscated paraphernalia.
Boots on a bar? What is the fucking matter with you, Dan? Give me a fucking whiskey bottle.
I'm sprinkling it at the fucking doorways.
Or would you rather evil traipse past this fucking threshold? Must have brought that from the other side.
I've wished sometimes only to play checkers or to occupy myself some other way than having to see and feel so much sadness or feel every moment how difficult things are to understand or to live with.
I've sometimes felt I couldn't live with them, but I find I can, Sofia.
I've found I am even when I think I'm not or that I can't.
Can you look to me now, Sofia? Can you try? I will be so grateful if you will trust me with your sadness, and I will trust you with mine, so that even when we are sad we will be grateful for how much we love each other, and know that we are in the world as much in our pain as in our happiness.
Thank you, honey.
Shall we dress now and say goodbye to William Bullock? Let no one that's turned in a needle try eating the dope or shoving it up theirselves, as I will be checking eyes for signs before we fucking leave.
And no being drunk either, Jen.
Go wash your fucking mouth.
You got seven kinds of cock breath.
Yeah.
Underarms clean, cunts braided? They're ready.
You are accountable.
Why not come, make them accountable to you? Shut the fucking door behind you.
William Bullock beloved son of Martha and Seth, called to God age 11 years, as we are called by his passing.
Let us bow our heads.
From Psalm Number 23, "The Lord is my shepherd, I shall not want.
He maketh me lie down in green pastures, He leadeth me beside the still waters.
He restoreth my soul.
He leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for His name's sake.
" "O, that my words were now written! That they were graven with an iron pen and lead in the rock forever.
For I know that my redeemer liveth, and He shall stand at the latter day upon the earth.
And though after my skin, worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh I shall see God: Whom I shall see for myself, and my eyes shall behold and not another.
" From Psalm 121.
"I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills from whence cometh my help.
My help cometh from the Lord which made heaven and earth.
The Lord is thy keeper the Lord is thy shade upon thy right hand.
The sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night.
The Lord shall preserve thee from all evil: He shall preserve thy soul.
" Let the people come and say goodbye to William.
"The Lord shall preserve thy going out and thy coming in from this time forth, and even forevermore.
" At the request of the family, the burial is private.
On their behalf, at their request, I thank you all for coming.
Let them see him.
Those who wish to pay final respects to the corpse of William Bullock are invited now into the Bullock home.
The girls are gonna be awhile! They're viewing the corpse.
- Get Wu now? - Please.
At the ice house.
How should we set up the shifts? - What does he mean? - You know, guarding Wu.
Bring Wu here.
Put him in one of the whores' rooms, huh? Didn't make sense when he said it.
That's the first place Wu's people would look.
"Put him on ice," it's a figure of speech, Johnny.
Like "Got you by the balls.
" Up you go, little lady.
We picked flowers in William's graveyard.
Mmm? Me and Trixie.
"Trixie and l" is how that's supposed to go, I think.
Yes, Ellsworth.
Yes to the question you've asked me.
Swedgin.
Swedgin! No, Wu.
Swedgin! Ha ha ha! Swedgin! Uh, Mr.
Wu, why don't you just come with us like a gentleman? Seems to me, Wolcott, last your eyes had that unsettled look, matters got grave for some young girls.
What does it? Do you know? Or does the water just come on you quick? "Be ye afraid of the sword!" Jesus fucking Christ! "For wrath bringeth the punishments of the sword!" Get him the fuck out of here! You're a desperate man, aren't you, Tolliver? Desperate.
You feel your position weakening.
And what I do, situation like that instead of murdering helpless women, - I get on my hind legs and fight.
- Mr.
Wolcott.
I have nourished a suspicion that we might pass each other in the telegraph office.
I, of course, would be communicating with Yankton.
I wonder, would your messages be sent to Helena? Mr.
Hearst is not a partisan in territorial rivalries, Commissioner.
Oh God, I want to believe that.
The great man himself will allay your doubts.
He joins us within the week.
Does he for a fact? I would hope, sir, that by that time, Yankton's answer to my telegram would authorize me to offer, and I would have heard accepted, terms of annexation of this camp such that a huge banner would be hung across the thoroughfare "Welcome, George Hearst, to Deadwood of Dakota Territory.
" I don't envy you the interval, Commissioner.
Ain't it the idle hours that try us? Ain't they what lead us sometimes to the cliff, sometimes fucking over? I may have to ask Mr.
Hearst if that's his experience too, or of any of those that he may know.
Let me ask you something.
You think you're giving me a treat drooling on my fucking nuts? - Because I happen not to enjoy it.
- Sorry.
It's a strange fucking sensation.
Distracts me from my hard-on.
Fucking caskets bring out the dunce in the entire fucking community.
I took some fucking beating after my brother's fucking funeral.
Smacks coming from every fucking angle.
Still dizzy from the smack from the left, here comes a smack from the right.
Brain can't bounce around fast enough.
Headache I fucking had for three fucking weeks.
The fuck fault is it of mine if my fucking brother croaks? Ain't even my fucking brother.
Fucking people take me in, I didn't ask them to fucking take me in.
Huh.
Fucking flopping like a fish on the dock, my brother the perch.
Fucking falling sickness.
Let the old man beat you because he's sad and he has his load on.
I did better in the orphanage, if that fat-ass Mrs.
Anderson hadn't turned out a fucking pimp.
Anyways how was the funeral? Did you carry on, disgrace yourself? No.
Everyone was sad, I expect.
But it was pretty too.
Shut up.
Do you dye your hair? Whatever will let us live as we are now.

--- S02E12 ---
Jesus Christ! All Chinese but Wu stay put! Wu! Wu! Wait a minute, Wu! I will fucking drop you! Wu, get with me here! - Exactly because of this bullshit! - Or I'll blow your tall Chinese head off! Hey, Davey, open the door! Thank you.
Mmm.
Wu's reappeared, Mr.
Tolliver.
His and Lee's Chinks went at it.
Looks like one dead apiece.
Whence the fuck did Wu reappear? It seems to me like he just fucking materialized.
From the clouds or in some type conveyance? Make me choose, I'll pick the clouds.
One minute he ain't by his sty.
The next glance, there he is.
Then one man's dead by ax Lee's man.
One by bullet.
- Wu's.
- From Lee's pistol.
Then Wu and Lee are coming after each other like stags until Burns drags Wu into The Gem.
- Drags Wu into The Gem? - Burns does, yes sir, pointing his pistol at Lee.
Could Wu have issued from The Gem, as well? I wouldn't say he didn't.
Larson that I got the dollar in with says he just brought George Hearst to camp, sir.
Some of us don't know better might mistake me for being on the outside looking in.
Then you got your idle snatch reading scripture and know there's still hope.
Con Stapleton! Yes, sir? Situate yourself at the Grand Central and tell me what fucking Wolcott's doing and who he's doing it with.
Yes, sir, Mr.
T.
Can the bison spare you? Something strikes me fucking melancholy about that creature.
One more fucking day! That's all he had to control himself and I could have put him in fucking business! - Swedgin - Shut the fuck up, Wu! At least he has an excuse.
He's a Chink.
Who knows what the tribal requirements are? Maybe you don't act for a week, maybe they exclude you from fucking dominoes or the like.
But you! Tipping our fucking business! I'm sorry, Al.
You hold one Chink off at gunpoint, - bring him the fuck up here! - I'm sorry.
I'm so fucking pleased I trusted you, Johnny, to go out and buy meat! Get out of my fucking way! Tell Hearst I want to see him.
My only reluctance, Al, I have had such an onset of diarrhea.
E.
B If the conversation's brief, I'm absolutely equal to the task.
What shall I invoke as your reason? How about the fucking truth? The Chink that attacked his Chink has been captured by my employee.
If it would please Mr.
Hearst, I'd like a word with him before I decide what to do with the Chink in my custody.
- But you'd like it here? - Don't you be setting terms, E.
B.
He's got reason enough to want the look-around.
Fine then! Go lock him up somewhere in the whore's quarters.
You might think to put a fucking guard on him that ain't asleep, you incompetent fucks! It wasn't my watch he escaped on, Al.
Go away, Johnny.
I was 10:00 to 4:00.
Shut the fucking door! Would you still be willing, Mr.
Bullock, to see me take up the teaching of the camp's children? I would, yes.
I'd be delighted.
Delighted.
I don't want to lose him but I wouldn't upset them either.
I see.
They're daunted enough by schooling itself.
Oh, yes.
I am speaking of wearing mourning until the year has passed.
But I believe if I teach them with Iove and joy, then I won't make them afraid.
And I don't want to lose him.
You'll never lose him.
Are we done with our buying, Francis? All but one of the important finds.
Ah, I have 40 stamps and a millwright coming in from the Ophir.
I have the mill sited, the ground tiled and leveled.
The Garret find we don't yet own is not placed to obstruct operations.
I want it bought.
I believe its title will be contested in coming months.
To act now would buy the contest and not the find.
All this fiddle fucking around is tactical back-and-forth.
We're up and running, Mr.
Hearst.
With the millwright and double shifts we should be full bore inside the week.
Getting it out of the ground, that's what I love.
Thank you for handling the acquisitions, Francis.
"Excuse me, Mr.
Hearst.
Might I escort you across the thoroughfare to meet a local luminary?" Will you be joining me at the operation this morning? I may this afternoon.
This morning I'm conceding to my back.
This fellow looks like he stepped out of a specimen box.
Excuse me, gentlemen.
Forgive me for interrupting your repast.
I'm E.
B.
Farnum, mayor and hotelier.
And I know you are George Hearst.
Yes? Allow me a moment's silence, Mr.
Hearst.
Sir, I am having a digestive crisis and must focus on suppressing its expression.
What's next pink fucking panties or something? Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
I can't fucking do it.
And I'll have a look at one of those pans.
Not now.
Tomorrow I'll make you a price.
This is the prospective groom for today's prospective wedding and I'm going to wait on him now in privacy.
Oh, I'm surprised you have any trade left, often as I clear the joint.
What can't you do? Any of it! - It feels like.
- Oh These fucking mittens in particular.
"Traditional," the fucking tailor says.
Well, not in my experience they ain't.
And if I was to imagine where they might be, amongst males about to marry ain't what comes to my mind.
Look at these cocksuckers! Lavender.
"The rigor in New York City," whatever the fuck that means.
Have you brought up not wearing them? What if they're her idea? That's liable to bring the dromedary to its knees.
Christ.
I'm in mortal misery.
Anyways.
Today's the day.
Going to the wedding, Davey? Not hardly, Mr.
Swearengen.
- I wasn't invited.
- I was, not that I'm going.
Vicious rumors I was responsible for her first husband's death, fucking woman invites me to her wedding.
Guess it's no accounting for why people do things.
The congregation says "Amen," Davey.
Consider the Chinaman.
- Wu? - Hmm.
Forsakes safety and even odds in a future fight for immediate fucking dubious combat.
Here again, what gets into people's heads? The congregation says "Amen.
" What? Nothing.
I was being funny.
No no no.
Don't be fucking funny with me, Davey.
I didn't mean to interrupt your train of thought.
What? Nothing, sir.
Did you loose that Chinaman to fuck up my fucking plans? Don't lie to me, Davey, or that breath you're holding is the last you draw.
Can I speak? - Go ahead.
- I need to breathe.
Go, take a breath.
I fucking fell asleep, sir, on my fucking watch over the Chinaman.
He didn't pay you to let him go? No, I feel off to sleep from the holding of three jobs.
He told me he paid you.
Then he's a lying fucking bastard! - Don't fall asleep, Davey, hmm? - No, sir.
Quit a job before you fall asleep on it.
Yes, sir.
There he is.
That's Mr.
Swearengen.
Yes, I see.
Now I call this an impressive contingent.
- Would you be Mr.
Hearst? - Yes, sir.
Al Swearengen.
How do you do? Pleasure to meet you, Mr.
Swearengen.
I'll suggest we adjourn to my quarters.
- Your kill, sir? - Who? The animal.
Oh no.
Fuck no.
I'm a fucking terrible shot.
I work better closer in.
I'll stay below, gentlemen.
Unless you wish me up above? Hurt back? Just a little achy today.
Declining years spare us no fucking indignities.
My latest blessing is a horse apple up my fucking asshole.
Half my waking hours are spent trying to pass water.
Dan, bring that Celestial to my office! I want to show him to Mr.
Hearst.
Very auspicious beginning! I'd think with these balcony doors open, you'd get a little cross draft in the summer.
I do indeed.
I've spent the last summers in Mexico.
Oh, that fucking heat must be oppressive.
Oh-ho.
Nevada's was drier I'd expect.
Have you been there? My inferno was Australia.
Wasted two years that was.
Yeah, come in.
Here we are.
This yellow monkey's Wu.
Older fella.
Not often you can tell how old they are.
Done a turn or two for me, Wu has.
And well-liked enough among his own.
His display against your Chink was my first fucking inkling that he's irrational.
Mr.
Lee, the man he tried to kill, has worked well for me in several camps.
Then God bless Lee and off with fucking Wu's head! You've got your finger on the cause of it too your Chink being forward-looking.
"Set the bodies ablaze, on with the day's trade!" This one being longer in the tooth - Set what bodies ablaze? custom holds stronger - to what passes for his mind.
- What bodies, Mr.
Swearengen? The whores for your workers.
Not only does burning the corpses save cargo space far as the transporting of their bones back to the homeland which, as I gather, they hold as their big fucking chance at the afterlife what a tremendous tactic, terrifying the unburned here.
Do you know prospecting, - Mr.
Swearengen? - Fucking nothing of it.
And the securing of the color once found? Not a fucking thing.
- All I really care about.
- I fucking hope so.
I'd hate to think you're this good at something that's only a hobby.
Most often my finds are in wild places, which I prefer.
When that is not so, I want friendly relations with my predecessors so that I can secure the color undistracted.
Concentration, see.
I suspect that's a key with you hugely successful types.
If others can provide here, with less disruption to the camp, services Lee provided me elsewhere, I'd have no objection to using them.
Labor being the fucking essential? Towards securing the color.
This is the camp's original Chink.
All subsequent Chinks were his imports.
Wu will staff your mines.
And those that survive the explosions, he can place in laundries or kitchens.
- Can he understand us? - Very little English.
Naw, no words we've employed so far.
Say "cocksucker," Wu.
Cocksucker.
That, San Francisco and Swedgin, that's all I've heard him use.
- Swedgin - Shut up.
Now as to your man and mine, I would need some demonstration before making my final choice.
- Your man would have to prove out.
- That's a fucking mining term.
Now that's a fucking expression I've heard.
And you understand its import and context.
Yes, sir.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Mr.
Swearengen.
Honor and a pleasure meeting you, Mr.
Hearst.
Kill a rooster, Wu, and offer him up in sacrifice! Then start honing your weapons for tonight's demonstration.
Stick me one more fucking time, Jewel, I'll drop you in a pool of fucking blood! Well, you just can't stand still.
I'm moving trying to defend my-fucking-self! He's getting what he asked for anyway.
Loony fucking Jew! Wear this.
Devious fucking cripple, you are.
How'd you pay that time then for the gun I sent you to buy? Sold a piece of pussy.
How may I serve you further, Mr.
Hearst, be the fashion great or mean? Make a price on your hotel.
Mr.
Wolcott says you avoid it.
May I quibble with "avoid," sir, as inexactly fitting the case? Not all Get over! Not all not-makings-of-a-price are avoidances necessarily, would you say? What will you take? Get away from me, God damn you! Forgive me.
Excuse me.
L I am mad.
My hotel is also my hospital.
I am my own warden.
I mustn't sell, lest I then wander the thoroughfare gibbering like a simian brandishing my privates in my fist.
Will you take 100,000 if I let you stay on as manager? Yes, sir.
I must, of course.
I'll have it sent over later.
Well, where am I? Why why am I on my ass? May I say to you that the week since our meeting has seen me conduct with Yankton an active telegraphic correspondence which on every count has ameliorated the terms of the proposal before you in favor of the Deadwood camp? You smell like cat piss.
I have worked so hard and diligently for you, Mr.
Swearengen, that well may be the case.
Regardless of the outcome, I am proud of that advocacy.
Having said that, are you liable to say more? Let the document now speak for itself.
The letters may get larger, the numbers will not.
Forgive me.
Long hours, giddy at the smell of the barn.
Stoic composure.
The next sound you hear will be that of your own voice.
Get the fuck out of here! You'll know when I've come to an answer.
I must tell you I require a response within the hour.
Or as soon as humanly possible.
Clam-on-a-half-shell-looking goddamned fool! I'm embarrassed to say I know you! Supposed intelligent woman holding with rank superstition.
The same clothes worn to nuptials the week of a memorial curse bride and groom forever.
Shut up, Mose! He asked for work here.
As what? Watchman is what he suggested.
We're a vacant structure, in case he ain't fucking noticed.
I think he shrinks from leaving.
And the word for that is malingering.
Here.
I will not.
You will.
Is that part of the superstition? Undergarments, yes! Over privates in layers or bride and groom are doomed.
Hearst is at that claim, mid-thoroughfare the one you bought from Marvin Somes.
Still in the company of Farnum? No, sir.
They left The Gem, conversed a bit, Farnum fell over backwards.
Hearst then helped him back to his feet, then the two parted company.
That makes a lot of fucking sense, Con.
Well done.
Farnum then returned to his hotel.
They're readying for them nuptials.
You know, Ellsworth and the widow Garret's! Guess that's the last Ellsworth will be seeing of a placer cradle.
Set for life! Yeah? Davey said you wanted to see me.
Get in here.
And help me parse Yankton's proposal.
We study for our fucking lives.
Three hours in camp, going straight to exploring her vitals.
Cy Tolliver, Mr.
Hearst, that's acted for your interests at one or several removes - these last couple of months.
- How do you do? Did you buy me this hole? Off Marvin Somes, sir, yes, I did.
She's out of color, boys.
Let's fill her in.
I was told to act on all offers.
You did well, Mr.
Tolliver.
We want to be comprehensive.
I, uh, have been in the mud a bit for you myself, Mr.
Hearst.
I had my shovel out covering work of your Mr.
Wolcott.
Thank you for that.
Scooped and scrubbed and cleaned up the guts and gore 'cause I do what the business requires.
Ah, there's my hotel.
The camp elders called a meeting in the aftermath.
Barely time to wash my hands before I talked them into washing theirs.
I have been traveling, sir.
Why don't we resume after I've rested? Well, I guess I can manage awhile longer to keep the whiff off of him.
Suspicion, Mr.
Hearst, off your geologist Wolcott for cutting three whores' throats.
Oh, cocksucker.
I don't know why I seek you out.
If lying in the ground you can think or have feelings, you may hate me and my part in your fate as I sometimes hate you for bringing me here.
Though I know your bringing me was the end of something whose beginning I had a much a part of, certainly, as you.
I am afraid.
I am so afraid that my life is living me and soon will be over, and not a moment of it will have been my own.
And of how my body now tells me that is fine and right.
Perhaps I confide to you because you cannot tell anyone.
I am to have a child, and I have a child in my care.
He is a good man.
And he whom I love is here as well.
These walls are coming down.
They'll be your walls soon.
Ever since I was a child in Missouri I've been down every hole I could find.
- Boy-the-earth-talks-to.
- Yeah, I've told you - that's what the Indians call me.
- Yes.
It talks to you too, Francis.
I know.
Our time together, your hearing has stayed keen.
But this gambler Tolliver, who was our agent for securing the claims, has spoken to me about you.
He says that you've killed women.
Prostitutes.
That he has disposed of the bodies for you.
Well? When I was in Campeche you wrote a letter on my behalf.
To the Jefe de Policia.
"I am aware of Mr.
Wolcott's difficulty.
You will find me personally grateful for any adjustments you may make in his case.
" - What did you think that was about? - I didn't think about it.
You were my agent in Mexico! You had many responsibilities.
You asked me for the letter and I wrote it! As when the earth talks to you particularly, you never ask its reasons.
I don't need to know why I'm lucky! What if the earth talks to us to get us to arrange its amusements? That sounds like goddamned nonsense to me.
Suppose to you it whispers, "You are king over me.
I exist to flesh your will.
" - Nonsense.
- And to me "There is no sin.
" It happened in Mexico and now it's happened here.
We must end our connection, you understand that, Francis.
Make a severance you think fair.
You know I won't quibble.
Does some spirit overtake you? Is that what you mean by the "talk"? No.
It tells me where the color is.
That's all it tells me.
My God.
This has to be a date certain.
"Timely fashion" means fucking nothing.
Timely fashion means when they got the fix in.
So when do you want the elections? The sooner the fucking better.
Six weeks? No more! Far as bringing ringers in, a period of residence would be a nice shiv to stick in their fucking ribs.
And now you're using your fucking noodle.
How do we put that into words? "Period of residence.
" Are you being smart with me? How would you put it? "Period of residence not less than" what? Two weeks.
"No one is eligible to vote unless they've been two weeks in the camp.
" Unless committed to dump in our favor.
I'd like to get this fucking thing done.
"Has not been two weeks in camp.
" Now I'll tell you what the fuck else.
And it makes me weep to say it.
Take out the fucking 50 from Yankton to us.
Shall I urge you to reconsider? We get this thing off the ground, I will be without peer of robbing these cocksuckers senseless.
I don't want the founding document recording a fucking bribe.
Strike number four from the original, with disgust it was even brought up.
What else? Summon that cat-piss-smelling fuckhead and His Holiness the sheriff.
Commissioner! Shall we chat? Aw, ain't you two a fucking picture? Oh, Trixie, you, uh save me a trip.
You should've let it hit her in the schnoz, remind her of escorts in days past.
That's a gift for the bride, from her child's former tutor in absentia.
Whirling her around's okay, Star.
Just don't tread on her fucking toes! Adams! You saw Yankton's hypocrite, huh? Just His Holiness and we'll have a quorum.
Oh, go ahead and take that to him, Captain.
Thank you.
Bless you.
Bless you.
Bless you.
Bless you.
I'm in the day's fucking talents, Tom.
There's talk of an offer on my place.
How will you answer? I came to take counsel with you.
Drunk or sober is my question.
Well, I have my wits about me, Al.
Maybe then you'll want a few more, huh? Don't talk to me in fucking riddles.
Drunk, Tom, for reasons not to do with business, you'll sell.
If that's your decision, let me offer.
Sober, you know selling's stupid.
What's my reason not to do with business? Use your own fucking faculties.
Remorse.
Over that boy that was not your fucking fault.
Again? Not right now.
Ellsworth and the widow Garret, what odds would you have made on that? Every so often there's a love match.
Isn't it time to start the ceremony? And now, my dear lady, shall I part thou leather lips? It's the damn underwear.
Dearly beloved, we are gathered together here in the sight of God and in the face of this company to join this man and this woman in holy matrimony, which estate instituted of God at the time of man's innocency, signifying unto us the mystical union that is betwixt Christ and his church: Therefore, not to be entered into lightly but reverently, discretely, advisedly, soberly and in fear of God.
If any man here can show just cause why they may not be lawfully joined together let him now speak or else hereafter forever hold his peace.
Whitney Conway Ellsworth wilt thou have this woman to thy wedded wife, to live after God's ordinance in the holy estate of matrimony? Wilt thou love her, comfort her, honor and keep her in sickness and in health, and forsaking all others, keep thee only unto her as long as you both shall live? I will.
Alma Russell Garret wilt thou have this man to thy wedded husband, to live together after God's ordinance - in the holy estate of matrimony? - I will.
Uh, continuing.
Wilt thou obey him and serve him, love, honor and keep him in sickness and in health, and forsaking all others, keep thee only unto him as long as ye both shall live? I will.
Who giveth this woman to be married to this man? I do.
Both.
Say after me, "I, Whitney Conway Ellsworth" I, Whitney Conway Ellsworth, "Vow to love, cherish and protect" Vow to love, cherish and protect "Till death do us part according to God's holy ordinance" Till death do us part according to God's holy ordinance "And thereto I give to thee my troth.
" And thereto I give to thee my troth.
Say after me, "I, Alma Russell Garret," I, Alma Russell Garret, "Vow to love, cherish and obey" Vow to love, cherish and obey "Till death do us part according to God's holy ordinance" Till death do us part according to God's holy ordinance "And thereto I give to thee my troth.
" And thereto I give to thee my troth.
The ring.
"With this ring I thee wed.
" With this ring I thee wed.
Those whom God has joined together let no man put asunder.
For inasmuch as Alma and Whitney have consented together in holy wedlock, and have witnessed the same before God and this company, and thereto have given and pledged their troth each to the other, and have declared the same by giving and receiving a ring and joining hands, I now pronounce that they are man and wife.
We ask all to join us for collation and dancing in the thoroughfare.
Shit! - What's so fucking funny? - Nothing.
Who are you fucking clapping orders at, Wu? You only got us on loan.
Oh, for Christ's sake! I guess in for a penny, in for a fucking pound.
Swedgin.
He wouldn't allow it if I went up and asked him.
Swedgin! Do you wanna swap masks? What the fuck are you looking at? I wasn't fucking looking at you! Mr.
Ellsworth, was I right about the gloves? Full and final payment, Mr.
Tolliver, for what service you conceive you've rendered me.
The Lord himself would testify to me having served you, Mr.
Hearst, and to what should be my just reward.
Oh is that the cocksucker addressing us from the fucking whirlwind? "George Hearst, Cy's just reward every claim he helped you buy he's in for 5%.
Cy, as I'll sometimes be busy elsewhere, take your own fucking precautions you're fairly treated.
Should George try to fuck you, Wolcott's letter gets broad circulation.
" Tell me what letter you mean.
George asks what letter you refer to, Lord.
"That you, Cy, before you disposed of them whores, made that murdering geologist write once he told you George knew of his habits.
" Disturb you being in the public eye? Some don't mind.
Fuck, some men like it.
But I wonder if you're among them.
Stop moving your hand, sir.
I mean you no harm, but I can't speak for Captain Turner.
"Put your hand down, Cy.
" I hear you, Lord.
The press being sold-out cunts, it hardly matters that a story's true, but one like this that is, sporting a man like you, and a fucked-up geologist and whores dug up from shallow graves with their throats slit from ear to ear, and the same to their poor privates What's that, Lord? Would you, Lord? You dirty-minded cocksucker.
He says he'd follow a story like that himself.
Your interests seen to by one that controls his appetites.
You'd first want to know from Wolcott if there is a letter.
You got your quiver full of words again, don't you? I found him in the woods.
All's he could say was "I'm sorry.
" First I knew Andy all's he could say was "deal.
" Davey, tell Merrick to go ahead and print.
Fraught with contingencies, Chief, is our fucking electoral process.
Will His Holiness climb into a bottle or pursue the widow, stiff-pricked, the miles to her hot springs honeymoon? Who'll bear the local's banner then, huh? Most men, Andy, once they've brought one fucking plague to the camp would lay the fuck off.
Not you! No, you're going to bible-talk my whores.
God is not mocked, Cy.
You've got a pestilence for every fucking occasion! God is not mocked, you son of a bitch! He fucking gutted me.
See to him, honey.
I ain't gonna die! Don't let me die.
Welcome the fuck back! Miss Stubbs.
Mr.
Utter.
They dance on, Chief, however much at home, as at yours and mine, comfort and love await.
Unhurt it appears.
Don't hold for them that went against us.
I should hope fucking not.
How'd he fight? He gave a good fucking account, did Mr.
Wu.
- Lee? - San Francisco cocksucker Well done then, men.
And well done, Adams, the day's full course, indoors and out.
Thanks.
You saved my bacon in that fucking alley.
- Jesus Christ! - Fucking Adams.
Swedgin! All right, Wu.
Wu! America! That'll hold you tight to her tit.
Elections are coming! Territorial governor agrees to local elections! Elections are coming! Don't you have a fucking home to get to? Right this way, Mrs.
Ellsworth.
Bart, help Mrs.
Ellsworth onto her wagon.
There we go.
Help her up there! I believe it's to your fucking right.
Hey, we ain't done fucking dancing!

--- S03E01 ---
Fixin' toward a bloody outcome, boss.
Absenting myself don't change your fuckin' instructions Parp Parp Parp Parp Parp Slainte Slainte Parp Parp Whoop goggle Whoop goggle, boop boop.
Parp Hey! Hey! Get the fuck out! He come at me with his foreign gibberish.
You get the fuck out while I let you get the fuck out.
You too, you get out that way.
Leave him be or you'll be riding the Goddamn sled with him.
Get out! Parp Either of you cocksuckers want to talk funny at me? Good day, Sir.
Good day Wu's out of camp.
Store him in our corner of the icehouse Will you look this over? Certainly.
Words that doing the wrong jobs, piling on too heavy, or at odds over meaning I'll mark my suggestions Nothing showy is the main thing I understand Shall I gather my school supplies? I'm much obliged That's better, isn't it? Mm Over here? I will apologize, Mr.
Ellsworth, for what I am about to ask She wants to try it on the ceiling A coverlet, dark red, is packed with the linens in the gray leather trunk Back at the hotel It's near time in any case to take Sofia to school The settee is best sited with its spread upon it, would be your mother's idea Mr.
Ellsworth will help you gather your things, Darling, for school Young lady Goodbye Bye Will I bring you back a sandwich or a glass of milk? Just the coverlet, thank you I'd sooner be hanging from those hustings \Nthan stand on 'em giving a speech Nuttall's bartender's no hand at it either We both may get pelted with refuse Morning Good morning, Sofia Good morning Will we bake bread again today? Is it your vote we should? Yes And Mr.
Bullock for Sheriff, and Mr.
Star for Mayor And I will put the bread in to bake If I'm to believe what I read, you're heavily scheduled today Yes As to your meetin' with Hearst, if the chance comes up natural, stomp on the cocksucker's foot Morning Yes, Ma'am Off to the Bella Union like the moth to the fucking flame Miss Stubb's didn't name her destination I'm telling you where she's going And why don't you look for honest work? Miss Stubbs holds what I'm doing for honest She no more needs a watchman than she does a fucking balloonist And why should the young of this camp have to scurry past your man-toad figure to receive an education? The time they come for schoolin', I'm in back and out of sight Exposin' them to being terrified only when they use the privy Go get your load on, Jane Do not instruct me how to spend my day or to itemize for you my crowded itinerary you tub of blubber and guts! I've got 10 minutes yet to be out front! Might I give over the little one to you here? Of course When next we meet, young lady, I will be on the eye for warm bread Wants a coverlet from storage-Mrs.
Ellsworth-to consider atop the day bed Framing  of a dream He's saying that to you, Seth Mr.
Ellsworth, no doubt on some menial domestic errand Sheriff! Forgive my raucous tone Mr.
Swearengen May we have a word? Once I've see 'em to school, I meet Hearst Very much what I'd have us speak of Can we plant beets again today? Yes "Thank youThank you for the introduction, Sheriff.
" Sheriff Morning, Charlie Morning Miss Bullock Good morning, Mr.
Utter Morning there, little one, in your lovely go-to-school outfit Good morning Did the evening pass in quiet? The morning got a little busy Cornishman killed in the Gem His buddies come babbling to our office Dority kill him? The  complainants can't speak right so I had to have them play act But I'm guessing no They up in the office still? Down in Hearst's shafts We'll say goodbye Goodbye Goodbye, Sofia Goodbye Goodbye there, little one Goodbye Thank you Hi Dorothy Good morning, James Good morning Nice thing, ain't it? The children? Will you attend the evening speeches, Richardson? If you let me Of course I will How else are you to vote with intelligence? I intend no lengthy remarks My tenure as Mayor speaks for me Will they have the Jew merchant instead? Well,  let them then and welcome I caught you, Richardson Stuffin' spitbacks in your vile maw "Let tomorrow's omelets go empty.
" Is that your fuckin' attitude? You hurted me Shhh! Wash and stack, shit monkey Or ready yourself for worse Florence Nightingale Florence Nightingale is a nurse I know that, ya ignorant cocksucker Joanie Stubbs is a cocksucker I know that, you ignorant fuck Don't be sweatin' all over the gentleman's money And thank you for that rasher of shit Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil, for Thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory,forever and ever Amen Morning, Tess Morning, Joanie Git I can take him that I got it How's Cy? I don't know yet, Tess It's none of your business anyway Your only business is how you start the fucking day I'm clean Before you go to sleep, how are you supposed to start? I said I'm clean You answer my Goddamn question My snatch is clean Is the rest of your body clean? Yes What's next? The room where I receive, and that's fucking clean Well what's next after that? God damn you, Joanie What's next, Lila, if you ain't too fucking high? Our room where we rest Which don't it fuckin' stink in here? It does, Lila, like a hogwhore's cunt.
And I ain't loaded not to smell it Why don't you go, girl? Why don't you get to the muck where you're fuckin' headed anyway? Go on.
Git What are you doin' sittin' back there? Oh, please let me stay When I come back tonight, you better all be sweet for me to fuck Or have your damn bags packed, 'cause I'll throw every one of you out Move, Tess, move you know she's going to let her stay Come on in, Honey.
How are you? I'm all right Was the Doc by? Brightened my early mornin' Another day on the right side of the ledger far as puss How's the action outside? It's quiet Either clown upright to tell you what the action was? I didn't ask.
I guess you'd stopped in on the whores Well, you might have mistook, Cy, pickin' Tess over Lila to see to 'em Lila's on the needle Well, Tess ain't pickin' up the bit Maybe she's unsure of her place, you in and out of our lives Well, fresh water You're not leaving yet, are you? Right here, Cy, on the side table Act like a fucking baby, don't I? "Oh, don't go.
" Where's my Good Book, honey? just next to you, in the bedfold I've been scooping out rain gutters for a month My fingers are bloody with sandin' You do recall you're only the transactions beard? You return to Star.
A sorry run at the tables, you can't support the loan he made you Well, what if he don't foreclose? Oh, you beg him to buy you out.
You may harm yourself You're up all hours, "What have I fucking done?" Or the like "Maybe I should fucking end it.
" Star ends owning that house is the necessary fucking conclusion Coffee! Ready That croaker seen to? At Wu's icehouse, under a tarp, in our corner Will  you pour it without scalding me, huh? Breakfast? Bacon and eggs You know you could have said that before I went down You get in the kitchen I liked living in that place Why do I give a fuck? So why not force this morning's murder outside? You told us not to As he stank of a put-up job, I wanted to find out if we were meant for the venue Well, whoever put the job up can't be any too smart, 'cause them Cornish work for Hearst Murder a Cornish and you buy Hearst for an enemy You're a fucking miracle, Johnny It's close to a mortal certainty he ordered the murder himself Hearst? Shut up! He stages a murder in my fucking joint Wants Bullock to show his ass before he'll bless his fucking candidacy What does he require of the weather? Jesus Christ That's it-how you clean a fuckin' bloodstain, hey What if we stretched out the payments? I cannot fucking make it What the fuck was in my head to sign that note? Take it easy Take it easy, Mr.
Adams Take  it off me Can't you? Ain't there some way to take it off?! Oh God! I'm in crisis too, needing awfully to piss Why not cork up and go on stage with that tragic fuckin' minstrel turn? Are you alone? Yes, Miss Bernhardt, I am Al wants Star to take over that house Why? Keep my ruddy color not askin' Al his reasons Disarray in your room Your last day when you left, disarray I sat on the bed I won't have it Did you hear me, Shaunessy? My last day I sat on the bed for three hours I had a glass of water Yes yes yes Very likely Uh, 1-F, $2 The book, please Ink on the floor Pen near blunted, possibly broke Binding's damaged.
I won't stand for it Give that back to the gimp What the fuck you trying to pull with Adam's fuckin' house? Star needs to move into that He's a candidate for office He can't whore-fuck no longer with impunity Who says I want to live in that house? You ain't You're installing at fucking Shaunessey's The fuck if I'll live in that shithole Shaunessy being richer by 50 for his common wall with Star's home-to-be and the passage he cut through it, so you and the Jew can fall upon each other away from prying eyes Fuck you, Al Fuck Shaunessey's And fuck the passage into Adam's fuckin' house Loopy cunt! The wrist business on Adam's house loan, Adams being nothing but his fucking stalking horse from the gambit's fucking beginning You sign to take those over, we'll move in your 12 possessions You will be free to come and go by your own front fucking door, and as you lay in your beddy-bye, I'll pop from the wall like Grandma Groundhog in a storybook and attend to your Johnson, as he'd not see you jeopardize your Mayor's campaign whore fucking in your place of business And I'll have installed in room 3-fucking-C or the like of Shaunessey's adjacent shitbox that he's paid Shaunessey to cut a hole through to ease my fuckin' fucking you Swearengen has? Who the fuck was I just talking to? I don't know.
You said you'd just gone to piss Man of the hour Quick prick-suck, Bullock? Sally forth to meet the great man with unencumbered thoughts? What happened in here this morning? Charlie Utter says a man was murdered, one of Hearst's workers I'd spare you the particulars till after your meeting concludes Why Why ask why? Why not honor the meeting's purpose? Speak as a candidate of your hopes for the camp and its future, confine yourself to generalities Suppose Hearst was this murder's architect? Suppose the workers were thieves or organizers? Why kill 'em in camp before witnesses? Maybe as message to me his domain includes my fucking joint, and to test your willingness to bend to his fucking will before he backs your candidacy What we know, fucking Bullock, is if when you two meet, Hearst does ask you to go easy, and you, for love of his type, say "Fuck yourself," no more illumination can come to us, because you will have muddied the fuckin' waters Is why I'd hoped you'd skirt the topic Has the body been eaten? The Cornish croaker? Wu's out of fucking camp Don't let it get eaten Oh, absolutely till your further full investigation As for your meeting with Hearst, may I offer a fervent Godspeed and hopes for your fucking self-control?! What am I, Lord, that I'm so helpless? Bullock.
He ascends, Richardson, to be dug at and sifted and shoveled till his crucial vein is exposed Then Hearst will empty him out Much anticipated, Mr.
Bullock some good solid talk between us What  do you drink? No thanks I believe I won't either I'm told that you operate a hardware concern I'm partnered with Sol Star Ah, candidate for Mayor as you are for Sheriff And an officer of the Deadwood bank Sol's chief officer, yes And you are an officer too Yes The bank capitalized, as I understand, by Mrs.
Alma Garret Ellsworth Formerly quartered in this hotel and who has struck so rich in these hills Way back second to you Extraordinary, the story of that woman's adventures Do you suppose that its future chapters might be written elsewhere than the hills? What are your intentions? As to Mrs.
Ellsworth's holdings, I would shape those to the lady's preferences, and be pleased and grateful if you told her Do you need a handkerchief, Mr.
Bullock? No Unfortunate incident this morning at Swearengen's saloon Do you know about it? No One of my workmen was killed in a drunken shootout How will you deal with that, Sheriff? Depends what it was about? Who makes complaints? Mmm My worker was Cornish They are a clannish people I suppose another Cornish might complain I'd need to hear what he said then He may also indict the sunrise For men of that sort, events such as these are as natural Anyways May we speak of your ambitions? Another time I would want to support them, you see? I would want to back you to thank you for taking her my message I never said I'd take her your message Are you saying now that you won't? You stay out of our fuckin' affairs Oh affairs of that sort are not my interest, Mr.
Bullock My only passion is the color Excuse me Bullock, how did you like Mr.
Hearst? What are you doin'?! You piece of shit How have I given offense? You told him Call the law The Sheriff's killing the mayor In the thoroughfare, if I fucking need you Bullock? Bullock Bullock! Why are you beating Farnum in Mr.
Hearst's hotel? How are you , Sir? I am well, Mr.
Swearengen, and how are you? Bullock! Shall I have him seen to, Sir? He seems to need that My place, Sheriff? Boys! E.
B.
's had an accident Under your supervision, and then inform us on his further transport Yes Give the poor fuck your shoulders, boys, huh? Sheriff! Much experienced at the enterprise, Sir I haven't a doubt And once he's situated, may you and me speak? Of course You saw fuckin' nothing Jesus, Joseph and Mary Mrs.
Ellsworth? No You must drink this I will not awaken that demon, Doctor This has nothing to do with demons, Mrs.
Ellsworth This has to do with allaying the pain to get you through Leave the demons to God and trust the pain to me "A lady should not choose a man who chews tobacco.
" "It robs his pocket, soils his clothes and makes a chimney of his nose.
" Good, peek if one of 'em sees you, they give up attendance forever I suppose you didn't come to peek in I came to shit in the privy, which is where you're supposed to be during school hours How does it feel to take one sitting up? "The Jews burn sacrifices upon an altar of stone.
" Altars of the kind in the sentence are spelled "T-A-R," It's not so important always to be right, Mary, or to be first "Indians are sometimes very cruel.
" I'm pulling out as a candidate No, you aren't He'll use knowing to try to control me, have his way in the camp's affairs He asked me to get her to sell Oh, best leave the camp entirely as penance for having a prick You were right about the killing He didn't want it pursued Bleeding? He stopped Put him up on the fucking bed then No grand gestures, fucking Bullock, till I've had my talk with Hearst Do no fucking withdraw And no more beating up on Farnum that has to run against Star It's no certainty Hearst knew one Goddamn thing about Bullock putting it to the widow Hell of a beating for E.
B.
to take if he's innocent Oh, he's still way ahead of the game.
Nonetheless, we must now assume that Hearst does fucking know As going mad in front of him, Bullock might have tipped him as to the state of things How are you gonna go at Hearst? Don't I yearn for the days a draw across the throat made fucking resolution? Why, Dan, by composing my thoughts, tropes and gambits for the talk between us that is yet to come Will you excuse me? Sure Is she dying? She's not in imminent danger The baby? Your wife is still with child I saw the blood on the floor There wasn't as much blood as I'm sure it seemed to you Mrs.
Ellsworth must remain abed, And she must take the medicine I've given her, her fear of it notwithstanding And you must remain strong at her side I have to collect the child May I ask you to st I'll stay here till you come back, and then I'll go collect Trixie to help you Thank you, Doctor Who the fuck are all these people? Guess the stages are gonna be crowded Headed to collect the Missus? I just beat Farnum Meeting Hearst, I got the idea someone had told him bidness of mine Figured it was Farnum? If it'd been me, I'da gone ahead and killed him I wonder now if I might have mistook Fuck Farnum anyway If I tipped Hearst myself, is what I'm wondering now Ah And of my temper generally, I'm wondering about far as running for office Maybe you just don't want to speak tonight I know I don't want to speak wondering if I ought to withdraw Talking against my own interests being if you pull out, I won't have to speak from the audience far as conversing with your rival, what's your best fuckin' experience? Harry Manning? Huh I guess that once the two of us talked to him When he killed Bummer Dan by mistake And that was high fucking water So you'd hold me as fair calling Harry fucking outright dimwitted? You think better than the Sheriff with a shortish temper, which in certain Sheriffing situations is a plus, camp be better with Harry? Anyways You gonna have dinner with us? May be my last fucking meal if apoplexy takes me off my nervousness What if you won? I won't I'm only in it to make myself known Say you're fucking elected, Harrry, am I entitled to the fucking livery abandoned by the Nigger Hosteteler leaving its stock to starve? Well, I know you've took up its care And do you as Sheriff hold my fucking labor speaks for me, my diligent fuckin' efforts the last six fuckin' weeks? Well, uh, I'd hold with the law, Steve, whatever statute applied Well, oughtn't a "statue" have to do with justice and not just to bait back a fled fucking nigger looking to steal what a white man's worked for? Well, Hostetler ain't come back Why think he ever will? Because it's my family luck over centuries to get repeatedly fucked up the ass And here in this fucking camp is where the chain gets fucking broken And I'm askin' if you as Sheriff will stand with me?! Yeah, I ain't Sheriff I got problems enough today without kiting checks on tomorrow's That was a wiggle worthy of a fucking reptile, Harry Bullock took a position? I ain't asked Bullock! Fool that I am, I figured I'd give you first crack on the basis of our friendship But I guess I was mistaken I've got an idea Instead of running for office and tending bar why don't you just tend bar and let everybody punch you in the face? Hello, Jane Yeah, hello Several of the children's parents have told them you scouted for Custer I can't hear you! Severa of the children's parents have told them you scouted for Custer Not that the arrogant bastard ever heeded others' counsel Shall we fashion a story about your experiences, Jane, for the children to hear? Do you talk this low when you're teaching the children? Shall we fashion a story about your experiences, Jane, for the children to hear? Uh, I best say no My funds just now all go for liquor I see I fine myself for swearing amongst the young And just now, I need my money for booze We'd tell your story to avoid those Does that Mose Manuel horrify the children? No Gives 'em bad dreams at night? No, the children like Mose I expect he pisses you off No Well, he irritates the hell out of me Oh, I was just going, Sheriff I thought I left a bottle in here Must've left it in the shitpile outside Goodbye, Jane Good afternoon How was your meeting with Mr.
Hearst? We needn't be afraid is the main thing She'll not be of a sudden taken or the like The Doctor's guaranteed it So when we're with her, we needn't be worried Do you want to keep it? May not be a matter of my choosing As I suppose we both fucking know I'm asking if all the way down, you want to bring it into the world I want it very much Or if an accident befalling or fate intervening or however you want to fucking put it, might find a small part of you relieved I want my baby Then you're gonna lay down and be spoiled and put off proving what else you can do until after you've popped out this kid "Voters of the camp, do you see come before you some swollen and dissolute stranger? Do not mistake It is I, E.
B.
Farnum!" Lie back, E.
B "Beaten past recognition by a candidate for another office Lie the fuck back and listen I need your truthful reply Lie, I will know it, and death will be no respite I told Hearst nothing of Bullock and the widow I will profane your fucking remains, E.
B Not my remains, Al Gabriel's trumpet will produce you from the ass of a pig You told me not to tell him, and I didn't I believe you My pain is such that gives me no solace Well, try not to blame Bullock for presuming it was you, considering your fucking history Anyways, tonight's speeches are fucking canceled Nurse your fuckin' wouds Thank you I do not mean here All right Let me collect myself Cocksuckers !!! Say what you have to say Again for Merrick, Dan Gratis Uh, I'm due no special thanks, Al Facilitating presentation of the candidates is the honor and privilege of the press That's off, the presentation Is Farnum incapable of speech? Does Star refuse to take advantage? Other factors at play But surely Bullock and Harry Manning still can take to the hustings I got to notify the parties I'm an interested party too, Al And I require explanation Jesus Christ How interested are you? Enough to bleed to keep the business from being a fucking puppet show? I can imagine bleeding, if first I've been made to understand No one asked if you could imagine bleeding, or if you'd have tumbling or somersaults or cartwheels to bring you into the lists Drink and fuck on the house, but do not attempt to detain me In what state? We ain't in a state, Shaunessy What condition? The room? How much disarray? No fucking disarray But you nearly had brain on your walls Oooh! You see me empty, Sir, do not pause and inquire, simply assume and refill Would you rather we spoke in private? No, fuck, no I'd rather the gentleman stay Captain Turner I'd rather the Captain stay Brings home I consort with my betters I'll not dissemble, Sir Today's events have gave me pause Hmm Tell me what you mean The beating of Farnum most recently How is Mr.
Farnum? Worse for wear, not that I'd care if he weren't in your hire Where does the Sheriff get off taking off on one of your own? I don't consider Bullock came here to beat Farnum.
He and I had appointed to meet In my joint this morning, another of your workers was gut-shot, Mr.
Hearst Yes, I know Now this wasn't some hooplehead bullshit This had the feel of a put-up job I fear a plot against you I have learned to accept, Mr.
Swearengen, that events sharing some effect on my interests does not make them part of a plot You ain't the center of the universe, in other words Exactly Don't that lead you to despair? No, Sir You're stronger-minded than I Bullock beating Farnum seems more likely some expression of a private feeling of his own That leaves the bloodshed in my bar, Sir How do you account for that? Nor are the Cornish well-loved as a race Oh, not you through the Cornish Maybe the Cornish themselves were the object of the violence Well, they do tend to aggregate and organize to further their financial interests Unions Have you strong feeling on that subject? I don't give a fuck about unions, Mr.
Hearst Nor do I have any objection to the killing of the Cornish as high-graders aggregating organizing cocksuckers.
But bloodletting on my premises that I ain't approved I take as a fucking affront It puts me off my feed How do we know when you are off your feed? You'll start to see me tearing things down Speeches tonight are canceled Unless the insult's cured by tomorrow, there'll be further tearing down Fuck the fucking elections, and fuck the agreement with Yankton Let the camp return to its former repute : unstable and unsafe for commerce I'm a great believer in those Oh, stability, Sir, and commerce? I can fucking imagine Think of all they've helped you accomplish Shall I perceive you then as dangerous to my interests? As capable of inconvenience and of some damage and debt to those that would act against my interests, I cannot fucking argue with dangerous Different from powerful though, which speaks to potency longer term I'd not have myself called powerful in your company or the Captain's Then I'll hope that your insult is cured to spare the camp any danger of however brief a duration And to look for one fucking instant out of the other end of the telescope once placated I'm meek as a babe Dead You will want to converse with those friends of yours, Captain Turner, who argues with the Cornish Perhaps they'd care to pay another visit to the saloon I think I'll want to hear the talk Fucking pagan Tell your God to ready for blood Would you rather I didn't introduce you from the audience? Is it all so hard to remember? No, I, uh,I think I got it Unless you don't wanna Ought we to start soon for the hustings? Five minutes Adams may default on that house Asks me to assume his note That's a very pleasant house Uh, I-I'd never thought of myself as a homeowner It's very very spacious It's Albert Swearengen The speeches are postponed Is Farnum turned for the worse? I'd borrow the Sheriff a moment Evening, Jane Mrs.
Bullock asks me to author with her to give the children an account of my scouting for Custer I think I'd like to hear that story myself "Custer was a cunt.
The end.
" Yo, a piss puddle Must not have seen that when seating myself Why are you drinking so much? I drink what I'm able If that comes to much That's the day's affair and the liquor's You returning to the Bella Union? Not tonight As residence and workplace is my meaning Thos girls need looking out for And who will look out for you against that gut-stabbed cocksucker, weaving schemes from his coming to Jesus? I don't know Why is everybody fucking whispering all of a sudden? I said I don't know Do you mind if I stay here tonight? I'd be glad if you would I don't know why you started sleeping outside anyway Every day takes figuring out all over again how to fucking live Night, Jane Yep Pain-in-the-balls Hearst Running his holdings like a despot, I grant, has a fucking logic It's the way I fucking run mine.
It's the way I'd run my home if I fucking had one But there's no practical need for him to run the fucking camp That's out of scale It's out of proportion, and it's a warped unnatural impulse, this fucking cocksucker! Sorry Shall I go back down with you? It won't be just now He'll be wanting to marshal his cutthroats Do stay in hailing distance

--- S03E02 ---
I am not the fine man you take me for No no I come in April to sell a string of horses and try my luck in the streams What I got for the stock I lost at the wheel, and the flake I washed up I drank the fuck away I don't know as I'll get home at all I sold my boots I owe $9 to a whore It looks like he fell off the platform It's just a broke-necked hoople, Al That he posed us no threat was the judgment you come to even as you fuckin' snored Turns on watch, Johnny, until this Goddamn Hearst business settles out And not that we lack options like the sleep from which none awaken Would you close your flap, that I don't forego my boiled eggs? Do you believe the speeches will be delivered tonight? The speeches the elections are hostage to the business of the camp, which is bloody murderous And, you know I don't like this tea Too cool? It's too weak I do not make weak tea I oughtn't to tease I like mine unusually strong You might have said, Seth It's an easy thing to fix You're right I'm not a mind reader I've said it now My goodness How am I? I could wish your symptoms further remitted I find your answer vague Doctor, has your medicine dulled my faculties or do you wish to cloud your meaning? You don't do as well as I'd hoped Am I know losing my baby? My opinion is you will And your symptoms make it prudent to intervene You're pained at the stomach I'd I'd laid that to, to your medicine slowing my digestion The spasm in the muscles of your belly doesn't owe to slowed digestion And while you are bleeding less, that you bleed at all with pain at the abdomen argues against further delay Have I time to see to certain arrangements? May I begin to see to mine? I should be back in about an hour and a half's time Put your school things together, little one If we know Hearst is coming, Boss, why the fuck don't we strike first? From the moment we leave the forest, Dan, it's all a giving up and adjusting Across the thoroughfare to slit that cocksucker's throat We forego the rock for the dagger, arn distraction's use and deceptions before the dagger is employed spirits, women, games of chance I'm older, and I'm much less friendly to fuckin' change Change ain't lookin' for friends Change calls the tune we dance to Where are you going? Whiskey, Captain? Morning, Miss Sunshine Mornin', Cy What can you tell a man at the margin of things? Reason for these cancelled speeches? I don't know why they was cancelled You seem a little sour Don't think lying  here these weeks, I ain't had my dark moments Thank God I took this book up again If it really brings you peace, then I'm glad Hell, yes, it brings me peace Do you doubt that? I try to believe You want to read something with me, Honey? "Same as you want to find a different way, then why couldn't Cy?" Getting gut-stabbed by a Minister of God will bring you to examine your path But I don't I had a gun to my ear at Shaunessy's yesterday What the hell were you doing at Shaunessy's? Staying away from here You listen to me, young lady What brings a gun to the temple is lack of gainful occupation and of being useful to others! I don't see you try to kill yourself here All you do here is good for the girls, and me too I don't want to run women no more And that's turning from your gift and your training! When you speak, I feel like it's the devil talking Ain't that a lovely thing to hear yourself accused of? Excuse  me, Mr.
T, but fucking Lila's in extremis Jesus Christ! Ought I get the Doc? Leon seems over his head She'll see to it Yeah Try to stay afloat from the fuckin' sickbed, have to listen to something like that Get the fuck inside, Leon, before I take out my gun and kill you! Joanie this ain't the way it looks Get inside or get shot! Well, hold her up then! Got a long fuckin' way to fall down Let me die, Joanie Start walking, you lousy whore Start walking Slept inside, in case you wasn't aware Miss Stubbs' request Thought she'd try someone competent keeping watch She's off to the Bella Union I can't worry about her right now Can  you just help me lug in the fucking water? I'm for the day off the bottle and about to bathe Camp get up a petition? I can sniff this all you want, Boss, but I I ain't got one fuckin' scintilla of an idea what these marks mean What if that's the door of our joint? That would make this line the bar What would that make the Xs? Murderers? See to your task with the Jew A few fuckin' things history proves: you sit still, you fuckin' memorize, you repeat back what you fuckin' learn, or, choosing otherwise, you display your knuckles to be struck fuckin' bloody on the fuckin' desk! That how you gonna start your talk to the children? Shut the fuck up, Mose! And don't tease me at a crucial fuckin' hour Can I listen? From outside, at your post near the shitter Could you have been born, Richardson, and not egg-hatched as I've always assumed? Did your mother hover over you, snaggle-toothed and doting, as you now hover over me? I loved my mother Puberty may bring you to understand what we take for mother love is really murderous hatred and a desire for revenge Will you give your speech to be Mayor tonight? Whatever night I give it, count on me not to mince words "Electors of the camp, as to who should serve as Mayor, reasonable men may differ But as to who should be Sheriff we all ought to speak with one voice And our words should be, 'turn out the maniac Bullock, who set upon the Mayor unprovoked, who beat him with merciless protraction.
' Bullock should be murdered! We should rise up and murder Bullock! Thank you very much.
" My father didn't like me I'd like to use your ointment to suffocate you May the little one walk with you? Is that all right? Of course My mother's sick We're closed for the next 15 minutes Whiskey Beer I'm concerned it might be taken as provocation me serving his whiskey before you getting your beer, or the very reversal of that Just bring the whiskey Fuckin' beer And these others, they friends of yours that come in on your heels? You friends of these boys, fellas? Should I be taking your orders all together? And was yours the fuckin' beer? Mine was the fuckin' whiskey Right then Right you fuckin' are Make a move, cocksuckers! Don't you shoot 'em, Johnny! If these fellas had been sent here to draw, I believe they'd have already done it Go ahead Go on, fellas Mind the muck at the thoroughfare center Debates are on for tonight, whoever you might want to tell I'll drink after I've ate Nuh-uh, no no You don't want you don't want to go in there Definitely a prudent investment If  I could control even one of my vices, believe me, I'd have kept the house myself Excuse me Oh, no That's what these are for Whether I ever fucking live there or not My husband and I agreed before marrying that property held by either of us before our union would not be encumbered by our marriage As to such properties held by me I name my ward Sofia inheritor I've heard her I wish no amendment as to guardianship or administration of those properties I've heard her Ought not Mr.
Bullock be present to accept? This is property before our marriage I know what it is Don't he need to accept, being steward now to Sofia's interests? Why don't I go fetch him? We have a special guest with us today Miss  Jane Cannary An Indian scout! There's a child I know Sofia Anyways, um, I was a scout for Armstrong Custer George You're right, but I always called him "General" to his face, and "Armstrong" behind his back Why? James I guess I always spoke of him as "Armstrong" 'cause he seemed puffed up to me, and "Armstrong" has a puffed up sound Any quarrel with me continuing, James? Go ahead Uh-oh Why say "uh-oh"? If you don't mean to go on to explain yourself, why say anything at all?! Do you only feign stupidity while in fact plotting ways to madden me?! No Why did you say it? Why did you say "Uh-oh"?! It's the Sheriff that beat you Now comes Mr.
Hearst Gentlemen Two of his men throat-cut, and he he picks the fuckin' fish Why do you think the men were his? My wife would like to see you Kinda warm The man didn't listen his basic fundamental problem He'd look at hisself in the mirror when you'd make your report Once I said to him how thin his waist was and how pretty I found his hair, use to get him to turn around, which he did to tell me get out of his tent So I guess my lesson I got to teach you listen and you won't get scalped And don't look at yourself too much in the mirror What else I found puffy he traveled with a dozen caged animals like you'd see in some zoo in the east Like we don't have enough wild animals around here, huh? Let us all thank Jane for her bravery here today Thank you, Jane I know another brave person here, too Several More More more more more More more All right Wider Not you! All right All right Sofia must be protected If my first husband's family attacks Sofias title in court, Mr.
Hearst might be approached as a purchaser I'm sure he could buy the relevant authorities All right Given his history with Hearst, I'd spare Mr.
Ellsworth that indignity I understand Thank you, Mr.
Bullock I regret nothing I bought the house The house I bought it It doesn't mean we have to move in together Please remind Sofia that the full moon is in two days All right We three will watch it together Davey is taking a chance not lettin' Al do the scrubbing That's Davey's fucking problem All right Now Hearst sent these two, the two you had the drop on That didn't draw Yeah, he sent the two that didn't draw, so that these two wouldn't be so quick to their irons And these two that you and Al murdered Correct These these two So, see, that give ma and Al time to cut their throats Now that was Hearst showing Al his ass And sending this diagram ahead was him signaling Al his intention Well, it was his preliminary signaling that he was gonna show his ass, if Al was smart enough to know it Now,  otherwise, if Al didn't know it was coming, he'd have been surprised when those two didn't back these two's play Well, thinking that Al would throw his hands up surprised shows that Hearst ain't too smart! Aw, he's smart, Johnny I mean, they both, him and Al, are real fuckin' smart That'd knock a buzzard off a shit wagon I just I feel shunted aside or the like, not involved as much as previous Adams, you were busy with Star That you sent me off to see Thinking you'd be back before time for the murders So it wasn't like a decision you made to have the murders while I was signing the papers? You've no idea how fuckin' badly you're boring me Yeah? That Captain's brought over another envelope Won't you see with me what this might portend? All right Drink? Or won't you be staying? Ask the fella who made them Xs if he hires out for portraits What's Al doing? Like I fuckin' know If we was trailing water, we might get took for ducklings "Come watch the speeches with me" um It's written in awkward hand "Come watch the speeches with me on my veranda.
" That's what it says What in God's name is going on? And I inquire about more than that hole These last months have made me expert It was gunfire, and it came from your saloon Has not the press a duty, Merrick, qualifying its accounts in time of war? Are we at war now here in the camp? Has that fact been suppressed as well? Absent formal declaration, Al, which affects this community is not my prerogative to disseminate; to do so is my sacred responsibility Whores currently disseminating a dose, for example? To inform within decency's limits We've had this discussion before Citizens better die postulating than touch indecent ink Make a list of the infected whores and account for this morning's gunfire, and I'll publish it all I won't, fucking Merrick, because neither's to my fucking interests, just as you owning a print press proves only you've an interest in the truth, meaning up to a fucking point slightly more than us others maybe, but short of a fucking anointing or the shouldering of a sacred burden, unless of course the print press was gift of an angel I'd want to be there for that handoff myself Maybe you should print an extra saying the speeches are on again Tonight? What time do you think would be best? Well, people tried keeping their thoughts to theirselves Yes, sir? Will you mind, Charlie, not being noted tonight from the hustings? Be a Godsend Mrs.
Ellsworth isn't well I'm sorry If, while I'm on that Goddamn platform, you could station outside her place Sure I could Sol's speaking too, you see, or I'd ask him I'm glad to do it, Bullock Glad and fuckin' relieved Doc Cochran seeing to her? In good hands then And Mrs.
Bullock sees to Sofia Don't that child thrive now, with starting into school? Sweet as before and notably more outgoing Trixie will come out from being in helping the Doc Likely to come out for a smoke Fuckin' mail, huh? Uncharted territory, Harry Coming up on 14 minutes I don't care.
I don't care whatever you mean Readied as you were yesterday, only to have the event deferred, do you suppose it's nerves about giving your speech has your bowels in upheaval? When you was a boy, Rutherford, I bet you was a hand at tying cans \Nto dogs' tails and setting cats ablaze Or uncertainty when they'll be held? Overturning turtles was my specialty Wake up, Lila Wake up Don't you close your eyes again How do you make it through? Go on, girl Get out Seven times through, Alma I'm healthy as a fuckin' horse I trust you not to modify my instructions To the letter, Doc All right, begin You'll be all right All right Turn your head away from the cloth and breathe Shut the fuck up and concentrate Turn your head away God damn it! What I'm use to, this is like smelling fucking posies! I would just as soon (? assure / assume) that you not fucking pass out! When you're done with hers, Doc, why don't you fucking kiss mine?! I'll be back in just a moment, Sofia Round the dough's ends Mrs.
Ellsworth is being seen to by Dr.
Cochran And Trixie, I believe, is assisting him I'll keep care of Sofia while you deliver your speech And we'll both pray for Mrs.
Ellsworth Go on then Spend time finding spine to put the bullet in your brain Calls me the fucking devil Show me another fucking strategy Bedridden and liable to fucking slaughter Deception don't preclude the search for fucking conviction When is "when"? You are a fucking stitch "About to begin" could mean anything There's a crowd outside Are the speeches about to begin? Is "when" now? Oh, dear Oh, brother What is it? Only Andy Cramed, you drug-addled turd! Gentlemen Yes, sir Yes, sirree.
Reverend! Excuse me for just a moment! Reverend! Reverend! Guess you heard about the Clergical discount on wheel and faro both? Yes, Con? Andy Cramed that stabbed you is outside with Leon, sir Is he? Yes, sir Just come in Is his blade sheathed? No brandishin' no threatenin' gestures of any kind I'll see him, Con Reverend Cramed Or are you an apparition? It's me, Cy Ain't that what a spirit would say? It's Andy Cramed in the flesh How are you, Cy? Well, I'd say overall Though I'll never shit again without pain I'm sorry Now you ain't come to finish me off? To ask your forgiveness And decide how to vote Coming for the speeches was my excuse As far as stabbing me, Reverend, you was sorely fuckin' provoked I denied you'd been called, treated you like the shitbag fuckin' operator you used to be I forgive you, Cy, as I come to beg your forgiveness The ribbon's at Matthew 12, Reverend Could you read verse 31 for me? "Therefore I say to you, every sin and blasphemy will be forgiven except blasphemy against the spirit.
" Couldn't Matthew be speaking of me there? Oh, Christ Al-fuckin'-mighty, I'm so glad to fuckin' see you, Andy, with with forgiveness in your fuckin' heart Oh where is this strength coming from now? Where is this strength coming from that I feel flowing into me, that lets me sit up and try to fuckin' touch you, Andy, if only you'll fuckin' let me? Fuck me! Fuckin' Jesus Christ Almighty! Can you feel what's fuckin' moving here? It's moving in the room right now! If only you'd hold me, I believe I could walk Con said now may be when you ask to be told about Jesus Christ, you're well-arrived Would you have dope's cross off your shoulders, son? I know I'd like to take less Then fall to your fuckin' knees Get to your motherfuckin' knees, Leon, and ask the Lord to lift your burden part-way Hear me! Lord! Don't fuck with the fuckin' deity, Leon! You've got to come to him wholehearted, even you're asking for partial relief Oh, Lord! Let Leon cut down, Lord, on the motherfuckin' dujie (?) Let him cut way the fuck back I'll speak to you another time Oh! Do you hear how I'm coming at him for you, Leon? How I fully fuckin' supplicate the motherfucker? Speeches are near commensurating, Sir Now that's a definite Get the fuck up, Leon Help Con get me ready Any argument for us accompanying you over there, Boss Don't strike the right note going over there with seconds Know Goddamn well Hearst is gonna have his second there, that sea-creature-looking cocksucker Hearst would have it understood the Captain is just a hefty steward of the household Yeah, one with a dozen fuckin' pelts on his belt Even so, Dan, Hearst's man has pretext for his presence You and the others don't What with the olive branch I'll be bearing between my teeth You mind if we watch you from the balcony? Not at all Moment seems meet, blow me a kiss Excuse me If I could, I'd tear my skin off If I could, I'd put out my eyes No no I hate being sick Cy knew what I was He knew to pick me all those years back Miss Stubbs, did you like my friend Bill Hickok? Oh, I I just met him the once at the Bella, that poker with Jack McCall Did you like Bill that night? I thought he was a gentleman He was I felt he had a good soul He did, Miss Stubbs I can say that.
I knew him 20 years You know what else? Bill that we both liked so well and most everyone did that knew him, incliding some he killed Bill thought as ill of his own self as you seem to do about you So go on and try explaining people to me And same as hearing me say what Bill thought of his self I don't expect brings you to think any less of him maybe you, Miss Stubbs, oughtn't to stand judge and jury and every other job in courth on your own personal case Maybe, coming to verdict, credit others' opinion of you like you do what you think of Bill still So I'm gonna-I'm gonna just do some introductory remarks I'll call you up on stage Say what you have to say and that's it Aw, shit Mr.
Hearst Do you come to me placated, Mr.
Swearengen? Never more so, not even as a tiny tot Let's hear the speeches together Show me your hole in the wall, which I find a useful advance De Tocqueville said, "When an opinion has taken root in a democracy and established itself in the minds of the majority, it thereafter persists by itself.
" Tonight let us plant the seed of an opinion to take root and grow deep, that gathering to this end choosing those who will act in our name is proper, so that in years to come, among those who succeed us in this thoroughfare this idea will persist and seem to them self-evident Candidates for Mayor E.
B.
Farnum and Sol Star The incumbent will address us first Oh God I give no long speech tonight You know me and my works Your bosom must swell with pride, Mr.
Swearengen Swellings and saggings to the tit I lay at the exactions of time I mean you worked to bring this evening about To labor without pleasure makes us our destiny's slaves To work for crumbs or to keep from the lash says maybe a slave's what you are I'll not question those either who have faith in my rival, or make faith an issue of any sort We are long past the time of the Pharaohs I cannot decree Mr Star make exodus Were you whipped, Mr.
Swearengen? And does the lash snap still? Do you wait for the strike after all these years? Would the grip have been the part you were versed with? I was born to neither power nor money My father sold goods from a countryside crossroads hut A clear choice for Deadwood! Farnum twice measured Star once cut E.
B.
Farnum! Assayed and proven true! Farnum! Christ knows he's earned it! Mr.
Star! When last we spoke, you warranted your willingness to interfere with me Only to convey that my place should be for my uses I won't need a miracle far as parting the creek to take my leave of the camp I just bought a house and plan to live here as long as God gives me And my intention in making my sacrifice to you today and it seems, my life's great challenge was to show the virtue of consolidating purposes Keep people from shitting in the creek! That siftings runoff, tailings accumulating I'd say that's naming horseshit virtue Purposes butt up against each other, and the strong call "consolidating" bending the weak to their will And I'd add whoever's behind me is about to study his guts That's Captain Turner at three steps' remove as he has heard about your knifework close in No lowered pants in the whitewood! That's enough about the shit in the creek Away from your seconds' view, the Captain's pistol is trained at your head Do you believe yourself enough and adept, Mr.
Swearengen, to overcome your disadvantage or will you walk with us inside? Not throwing my hands up or my skirt over my head don't mean I ain't awestruck Well, they ain't slobbering on each other, but they ain't snarling neither Needs to do with the camp, or problems, you can always find me at the hardware store Seth Bullock for Sheriff! I agree with what Mr.
Star says I find I usually do I'm lucky we've been partnered these years Keeps giving me time to catch up I'm glad he's standing for office, and I'd try to be as good a Sheriff as he'd be a Mayor to the camp Sol's buying a house I built one last year I'm glad we're in the camp even on the sorriest of days Harry Manning for Sheriff Accepting your premise, Mr.
Swearengen, I'll not name how you would benefit from the action I wish you to take, saying only instead it's my will To which I will have you bend, I suggest you drink that No I would incorporate into my holdings the claim now owned by Mrs.
Ellsworth I am told that you can help me bring this about Tell me how you will help This is a grip I'm used to As far as making your way into her act averse to nasty language and partial to fruity tea But I'd like to get known far as wanting to help the camp We need a fire brigade, and I'd like to lead it I've always loved fires since.
.
since I was a boy If you're wanting to drink, the Number Ten's serving Oh, also also, the graveyard needs moving That's it well, thank you all for coming please think about what you heard here tonight, and thank you again Nothing's over yet Doc'd be dour at a christening, but Trixie says he wasn't scowling how he does, or or shaking his jowls like a bulldog Thank you, Charlie All right Oh God That's the look he gets on his face when he's hurt That man appears worse hurt than I am Bless his heart What happened? We watched the speeches together Yours was especially swell I need to lean on you, but don't you fuckin' look up Should I go up and get him? Hey, boys! What'd you think of the speeches, huh? I'll go get the cocksucker now Stay the fuck away from him.
Hmm? I'm having mine served cold First one to touch me I kill

--- S03E03 ---
Yeah When did you turn recluse? You and the Jew settled in? The Jew's a born fuckin' householder Scouts furniture in the fucking catalogues mornin' and night The Mrs.
Ellsworth's a 10-day miracle Up and about and up and fucking doing Meets with fucking Hearst today, her and fucking Ellsworth, that I'd have thought would have steered her fucking clear Hearst's invite? Lady's bright idea I've pretext enough if you'd have me call to dissuade her Don't you get in the fucking middle Jesus fucking Christ, Al She might as well set herself afire I can't imagine that cocksucker got to you Or you're folding your fucking tent The last shot ain't yet fired Stage is coming My God, look at Wu Lost his mind in San Francisco You think he married the nigger? I'm talking about his suit Mr.
Blazanov! Merrick! Oh God I am barely speaking to you Who the fuck is that? A shabby, shabby exit from Virginia City No "Farewell, Jack.
" No "By your leave.
" Nothing Did you notice I was being pursued? Is that us over there? That is we, my dear, yes I will install us momentarily Countess I stay till the costumes come down Admirable Only the most minimal of civilities "Hello, how are you?" "A bit warmer today than Tuesday.
" last may be too forgiving Aunt Lou! Hey Good to see you Hearst's meals are about to improve Come on in Okay Go away Stay close to the Jew If it's Ellsworth apprising you of the widow, let him fucking continue and do likewise for me That's more fucking like it Very considerate of you to come to me when I thought I was coming to you As I was feeling well, I thought you'd agree the exercise might be beneficial Does your examination confirm my suspicions as to how I'm feeling? It does You seem fully recovered I'm delighted to be recovered And to find my own judgments reliable I would, however, advise against rushing back into things Would any meeting between us be complete, Doctor, until I'd had your counsel against something? Have you finished taking the medicine I gave you? Implying what, Dr.
Cochran? I'm implying nothing, Mrs.
Ellsworth I'm putting a question to you I disposed of the medicine you gave me, Dr.
Cochran, knowing I had a weakness for it, without having finished taking it I see You seem incapable of crediting me as a full and normal person I credit you as exactly that, Madam, which is to say as having limits like the rest of us, and to urge upon you the humility of not asking more of yourself than is reasonable And I'd add my observation that refusal to make such adjustment sometimes is symptom in women of an inadequate recovery from the rigors you've just endured You say this as my physician? Yes Not my reprover or rebuker? No Then thank you, Doctor, and good morning You ain't getting' no cobbler, Mr.
Hearst, till I get my hands on them boots Uh, here they come.
Here they come Not one spoonful till I got 'em clean Filthy It's frontier living out here, Aunt Lou Where I go, ain't no frontier I bring some standards with me Ah I miss Missouri yet, Aunt Lou Wasn't the world peak of ripe back then? Didn't even the birds seem to sing different? More like they meant it More like they meant it You understand I don't suppose you operate another pair in secret You know I wouldn't fib Then I'll brush 'em up directly I got you living right here in the building, Aunt Lou I wouldn't even think about any other arrangements Mightly generous, Mr.
Hearst Mighty brave Will you take a walk, see the camp? I'll take a walk as far as my kitchen I should have known you'd say that You want that peach cobbler, don't you? I do for a fact And they know downstairs who's boss Is this here a rich place, Mr.
Hearst? Oh, very, very rich, Aunt Lou For pure scale, maybe the richest find I've seen Guess we can live without them birds then The high points of the fucking high points of your trip, Wu Cause I won't be able to follow you anyway Wu San Francisco You look like a fucking idiot, if no one has yet conveyed to you the truth Wu, San Francisco, Hearst Yeah, you in San Francisco, collecting workers for Hearst Ho How soon, fucking Wu? The many Chinks in Hearst's employ? Huh? "Hello, hello, hello, hello!" The many chinks here, huh? How soon? Ah! "10-Day, Wu.
" Clever cocksucker You come back with more fucking English Ho Now once I get my ducks in order, you will give your information to Hearst in a sit-down, so we can gauge his attitude toward me Wu, Hearst, "Swedgin.
" And "Swedgin" must act as translator, as he is the only one in camp versed in both languages Ho Chung Kuo Am I right or am I fucking wrong? Chung-Kuo Chung-Kuo, Heng-Dai Heng-Dai Heng-Dai, Chung Kuo And I'll tell you when the meeting is, huh? Welcome home, Wu Mmm It's arrogance, nothing more to Goddamn less Do not use profanity, please, speaking to me For goodness sake Apologizing for my language, I ask you consider my meaning It hardly seems arrogant to me to seek an equitable and mutually beneficial resolution with Mr.
Hearst Then spare him that paper with your pretty ideas Tell him your price for how much you'll sell, because Hearst don't let his partners set policy I hadn't realized you were so intimate with his business methods Please don't be smart with me Not about this "This," Mr.
Ellsworth, being the question of my mine? Well, what in the hell else would it be?! Excuse me I will meet with Mr.
Hearst I'll be delighted if you should choose to accompany me Oh, I ain't one to miss a train wreck Though if you cannot forbear from patronizing me, I'd prefer you didn't come at all All right, Mrs.
Ellsworth, all right Empty You sure you don't want me to work behind here, boss? If I wanted you working behind here, you'd be fucking working behind here Fucking work over there It occurs to me, Al, as you and he are so evidently well-acquainted, the decent interval that Mr.
Langrishe is owed to make his domestic arrangements I might spend hearing you talk of him Ever wonder if you expressed yourself more directly, Merrick, you might fucking weigh less? I see no logic in that whatever I don't want to talk of Langrishe He makes me fucking nervous On what account? I can't say on what account That type, he type you don't know exactly how you feel about him is who you're made nervous by Young man! Keeping the wolf away, I see Jack John Langrishe, sir The operator has the manners of a pig A.
W.
Merrick, Mr.
Langrishe, publisher of "The Deadwood Pioneer.
" Ah! Accounted for the halo I see above you Shit blizzard's early today He takes his tone with you as a familiar Oh, we're well-acquainted, Mr.
Swearengen and I Mmm, new friends, old campaigners The infrequent bloody win Always superfluous, bloodshed The deeper damage is best Ahh! Candidly, Richardson, as I imagine you foraging for berries and grubs, and flicking at insects with your sticky tongue, I feel a certain dismay What are you talking about? You are to be discharged, fool As, I suspect in a wink of time, once some stage from a different direction arrives with my replacement, am I What did we do wrong? Your error, surprisingly enough, is not to be a grotesque of inconceivable stupidity, but that you are white and male and not repulsively obese As for my own, I wonder if it lies in an excessive courtesy and eagerness to please Shoo, skunk.
Shoo Go, go Mr.
Hearst Farnum, have you a moment for us to talk? I do I'd ask only that you be brief and forbear from false camaraderie Come, Hearst I've seen the Ethiop Who indeed could miss her? And even as she supplants Richardson, what person, I wonder, of what depraved exotic origin have you engaged to take my place? I hadn't thought of replacing you Do you want me to? The world begins to dance before my eyes As for Richardson, Aunt Lou will be taking his position, but he can keep doing whatever else it is that he does with no reduction in wage What a surprising and gratifying turn Paid through Tuesday That one's paid through Thursday Having secured your approval as to my hiring plans, I wonder now if I might elicit the information I came for, which is in regard to Mrs.
Ellsworth I am abjectly at your disposal For some time, without the unseemliness of approaching her directly, I have sought without success to generate a connection with Mrs.
Ellsworth A haughty cunt Formerly weak for dope Most fundamentally a sexual peccant, though I'm sworn against providing specifics Now, as it seems of her own volition, Mrs.
Ellsworth appoints to meet with me, leading me to wonder what change in her situation prompts her approach I will look into that, Sir, vigorously and immediately You don't know I do not know at present Just send her up when she gets here I can seek the knowledge out I can pursue it as a first priority Just send her the fuck up All right, Sir And may I say how delighted I am our relation is to continue? Why don't you see to your type? Excuse me? Type Don't you use type to print out your words? Uh, well,I'd hoped to secure from Mr.
Langrishe I want copious discourse between us, Mr.
Merrick Where shall I find you soon? Well, we could speak now if you wish No, not now, young man Not immediately But soon Very, very soon Where is your lair, that I may beard you? My lair adjoins the Gem Wonderful I can be bearded there most hours Fine Thank you Thank you very much Thank, uh, very nice to meet you, Sir Ah, the camp is lucky to have you Uh, no way, actually, you would know that Go on there, Merrick Get away Oh, incessant and unrelenting, exactly that type of banter I'll just go out the front You know, I could go out that way but I I'll You're looking fucking well, Jack It's the learning fucking nothing, Al, that keeps me young Please I hope you'll forgive the disarray I seem to feel a greater priority about making space for myself than adorning the space I've made Refreshments? No I must say I feel less the grown man just now than a boy from Missouri My Aunt Lou Marchbanks has come to camp Is your Aunt's visit a surprise? No.
Heavens no, no.
I expecting my stay to be brief, I left her at other diggings Your Aunt Lou prospects, too? My Aunt's my nigger cook I see Wonderful, wonderful cook And a tyrant, of course, as the best ones always are I quite quake before her Do you? About our conversation too, wanting so awfully much we come to an agreement Don't disappoint him, being as he's 12 with his Aunt in camp I've learned that we shared time in the Comstock, Mr.
Ellsworth.
I'm sorry we didn't meet Whatever's toward what he wants Not a flying fuck if it's true or how fucking soaked in blood That talk serves no purpose What talk to a murderer does? I'd not be insulted in my own rooms, Mr.
Ellsworth Where shall we go for me to do it? Will you be in this afternoon, Mr.
Hearst? There's bodies in here I certainly can be The walls are down to make room for 'em.
I see every fucking one! Perhaps we could speak later then I will look forward to that You don't look forward to nothing far as her, you murdering cocksucker You hear me? I'm very glad to have met you I recognize perhaps as I never fully recognized before, how profoundly you feel about him I know him I will present my offer to him You will not I will not permit it You behave in his rooms as virtually a maniac and now assert your superior prerogative? I forbid you, yes Well, I suppose that settles it I know him May I ask you to collect Sofia once you've seen me home? Do you understand? In ways you can't Mr.
Ellsworth, you hardly need explain yourself to me, your wife, in the thoroughfare, having once laid down the law Hey Look at me! Talk to me He said they come up in cage The guard was behind Jory The guard wait for air change First breath from above, he push Jory to the wall, catch his legs and cut them off.
He saw it? Jory was organizing That's why they push him to the wall We're awful sorry Get the fuck away from him! Get out of here go ahead Get on Accident Another friend, he says, was shot 10 days ago in bar At the Gem The friend talked union too Jory and him were in the bar when he was shot Now they're dead Pasco says he'll be next Tell them they can go when they're done crying Make them understand I was only talking to him Hole in the building's front wall He can pop out at any moment Hearst I'd not have him see us together Prudent Ah, bacon Might have a bit of a human aftertaste Lurid with Chinese No one suggests a theater here Only observing, turning you outward Deen a ma na ha mo goh ya! Eh, chon choy! Whi nee fie! Fie ne jowa! Jow! Boss of the neighborhood Won a war to take over One hopes you are his backer and not his tailor You're the first I've fucking revealed this to Fucking throbs all the way up Goes with me to the grave Yeah You fucking tip your hat to everybody? Everybody Morning We're low on our hardware, just doing the order Dogs For him to laugh at while we chase our tails I'm gonna write it up anyway Hearst's phony fucking accident, I'm gonna present it to him and put him on notice I'm concerned about Mrs.
Ellsworth, Trixie If concerned means "Is she using?" I don't think she is I don't either Then why'd you ask if she was? I didn't You just took me for asking that Ask the one you want to then I'm concerned that her temperament is is labile I guess that means she's talking through her cunt? Her moods seem inappropriately variable Saying "variable," I don't disagree I said so myself this morning to somebody else Did I fucking embarrass you, Doc, hat you go so fucking red? Don't throw a fit, Doc Look, I'll put it out This is new This entire area is recent The Ellsworth house, the richest claim next to Hearst, that woman What sort of plays does she favor? Oh, Christ, she told me and I fucking forgot Goes through her men like Sherman to the fucking sea This can't remember who this fucking belongs to And who does this fucking belong to? Well, I guess this belongs to fucking everybody The Bullock house Fucking Sheriff Insane fucking person The one at Swearengen's, too, I'll put him on notice about I'm gonna put him on notice about it all Wouldn't be looking for anyone coming through the wall to deal with your Johnson And don't you try fucking coming to my side either, or your Jew head will be wearing that fucking dresser as a tiara All right We're supposed to read your mind, understand what you fucking mean I mean all right Shut the fuck up "Please don't smoke" means "I'm at death's fucking door.
" You can smoke I'd prefer if you did it outside You're a fucking idiot, anyways Pus is a deeper yellow Aw, cocksucker What are you staring at? Fucking boot fits, huh? Home base, young man There's the whole fucking area on the other side I'm quite worn out I fucking started this job, I'll fucking finish it This motherfucker Al It's not the first impression I'd make Heartfelt thanks With such disagreement among the statements, Mr.
Bullock, on what basis could an inquiry justifiably go forward? I put you on notice, Mr.
Hearst I identify a pattern in these events Unless some law is broken, Mr.
Bullock, whose sanctions you have power to apply, why in fuck should I care what pattern you identify or don't? There is a sanction against murder The man lost his legs in a shaft It happens quite often I now learn that your worker who died in the Gem last week was killed by two of your guards I defy you to prove that event, about which the two of us have spoken, was murder Whereas, in the same saloon nine days ago, two guards of mine, giving no provocation, had their throats cut with two others of my guards as witness Certainly,the guards who survive are capable of naming the killers Shall I have them make complaint? I put you on notice Many new people are in the camp, Mr.
Merrick And a very eventful time we had during your absence, Mr.
Blazanov You and I will have much to discuss in our evening perambulations Okay Main line coil, artificial line coil, new armature lever, separate battery, supplementaries All new contrivances I was instructed about in Chicago Without this many innovations, differential duplex would no be possible Differential duplex? Can you speak in a high voice, Mr.
Merrick? I can speak in a low voice Blazanov then will speak in high voice Keep speaking on in your low voice while Blazanov at the same time, speaks highly Blazanov : This is duplex telegraphy Merrick : From this point on, I shall speak in my low voice Blazanov : Both messages sent at the same timefrom the same office at different voltages Merrick : Excuse me, but I can't understand you when we both talk at once And recorded elsewhere by instruments with appropriate sensitivities Well, I I won't keep you from your work Mr.
Merrick? I met a girl in Chicago Oh, yes? Also for our perambulations Hmm Yeah Seeing you on your balcony the other night, Mr.
Tolliver, taking in the life of the camp, I thought maybe it was time we had a talk I regret we have to meet in this environment, Sir Not at all No Changes that have gone on here, it's not the place I'd be seen in by you I'm sure whatever changes you allude to, Mr.
Tolliver, will come clear from your behavior Fresh start How many men would be grateful for that opportunity? Do you have more you wish to do with that, or shall I state my business? Please, state your business Your letter from Mr.
Wolcott naming me as having knowledge of his misdeeds A letter I mentioned to you, yes, in a conversation I regret or you would circulate the letter's contents Exactly what I regret and now find reprehensible and why I thank God that you take a new look at me To this point, Mr.
Tolliver, you make no materially different impression Still lying, still bullshitting I hope I'm not, Sir, but I I can certainly understand why that would be your material second impression Shall I show you the letter from Mr.
Wolcott that I have in my possession? That's not necessary from my point of view You tell me you've got it, I believe you Here it is Will you compare it to your letter? Verify its authenticity? It's not necessary Shall I read to you certain pertinent sections on Wolcott's assay of your nature and likely behavior after his death? is detailing your complicitous participation in the aftermath of his crimes disposing of the bodies and so forth? You have no letter from Wolcott, Mr.
Tolliver Let's say that's the case I just did Let's hear you say it I have no letter from Mr.
Wolcott Never did I never did have one You're a lying, blackmailing sack of shit What do you want? I want you to go to work for me How was your walk? I seemed to get around adequately Seemed to get along with that dandy Yeah, he's all right Theater fella, huh? Langrishe? He's a fucking promoter of the first fucking quality, I can tell you that I don't go to plays so I can't speak to his worth as an actor Ahh Tuesdays he'll tend to have amateur nights Been to plenty of those Virginia City Guy farted seemed near an hour Well, that don't sound like no amateur Bullock Tell that Chinaman when I want admission to his meat locker, it behooves him to fucking cooperate What did he do instead? Said "Swedgin"! and barred my way Had you eyes to select your own cut? Are you gonna fuck with me? I had eyes for the Cornishman killed in here last week I explained it to him, and he Goddamn understood me Did he mosey over to a corner, lift up a fucking tarp? Yeah, he went to the tarp That's what the croaker was under That's our nook in Wu's structure Why Wu delayed cooperating, he hadn't known the croaker was under there His stupid suit so overcome me, it slipped my mind to tell him I want that body I'll see Wu hands it over Hearst just had another Cornish killed at his diggings for trying to organize They're calling that one an accident What makes you think any good will come of confronting Hearst now? Now is when he's killing people What, you feel he'll leave off soon? Tactics and timing ain't the issue The hell you say If his pigs get that body, Wu is their next fucking meal You make him understand "Chez Ami" "Cooperage" I'm watering these kids' vegetables We don't do the other anymore Very good Lovely building Sturdy? Get away now I apologize for the awkwardness between you and my husband My dear Phoebe, Mrs.
Hearst, like your Mr.
Ellsworth, while pleasantly conversable on most subjects, find others not to suit her at all Will you hear my offer, Mr.
Hearst? Of course I am willing to sell to you a 49% ownership in my claim, in return for and here of course, I am out of my depth but for the sake of beginning a negotiation, I'll say You would have an easement through my holdings for the transport of your ore, unqualified in any regard except that it not impede my mining operation Naturally, at a separate fee, I would wish access to transport for my own ore Have you finished? I have, yes Your proposal is thoughtful, but I'm afraid I lack the qualities that minority participations require As I said, these are the most preliminary thoughts A vulgar man would ask before preceding any further if you would require him to produce his jackknife and make himself a capon before you What in my ideas do you find emasculating? I can offer no inside explanations, Mrs.
Ellsworth, as I am not a capon, which details offend me and why your proposal offends completely It mistakes my nature absolutely All right Will you hear my counterproposal? I think not, Sir Do hear it, Mrs.
Ellsworth Let me name an amount to buy you out I will not hear it, Mr.
Hearst Let me out Shall I scream? The hour makes the thoroughfare uncertain Will you have an escort until your dear home's lights appear before you? No You are reckless, madam You indulge yourself Stand your watch.
I'll I'll get this part later Everything fixed to your liking, folks? Wonderful Thank you Have you supped sumptuously? Actually, we have I'm delighted Countess? Costumes were damp Oh dear Are you drying them? You are, of course I am tedious beyond bearing to ask A newly rakish tilt Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph Company Telegram for Mr "Langinshire.
" Langrishe! Langrishe I am he Telegram Yes Wait Thank you Very welcome What did you give? A dollar Too much Chesterton and Bellegae are in transit from Cheyenne Having "suffered the tortures of the damned"? "Endured indescribable inconvenience.
" "The damned" was from Fort Kearney I shall take the air Shall I accompany you? My destination is beneath you At least something would be Good evening Good evening Madam Sir Wonderful food! We got fish and we got ham, and don't pay no attention to the menu The thought I'd put into it, all the time I took to write it out and put it by and look again I began to read to him my proposal, but I I was more and more afraid I was only chanting sounds Finally, I made myself look to him to confirm that I was speaking intelligently and being understood Now you know He grinned at me like a jackal This is what I would have spared you He scorned my offer He said I mistook his nature absolutely You did Yes And was there more? After the jackal smiled? It seemed very possible that there could be, but finally he let me go He had restrained you? I was very afraid I can't say with any certainty exactly what was happening What the hell do you mean? Did you try to leave, and did he prevent you? Don't use that tone of voice with me Well, I guess I know what that means Oh, do you, Mr.
Ellsworth? That you're a Goddamn fool who almost go what she deserved And what would that have been? And why would I have deserved it? I only wanted to protect you You can't I wish you'd eat that outside, Mr.
Hearst I wanted to be sure you have all you need And more besides And now you done seen for yourself I really don't care what others think of me, Aunt Lou And you need only care what I think God, I hate these camps All this deferring and adjusting to other's wrong-headed stupidities I must have missed where they way better in San Francisco They're not They're worse Can't bear San Francisco Don't let Mrs.
Hearst hear you saying that Aw, she knows, she knows She knows why I always leave so quickly Goddamn truth is I'd rather be off by myself, Aunt Lou Free to do my work "Boy-the-Earth-Talks-To.
" That's your Indian name That's right, You remember Only Goddamn conversation I care to have Her telling me where to dig into her Wonderful Thank you, Sir Haven't ate potatoes quite that smooth I don't know if I ever had 'em that smooth These elections can't be a joke More tail-chasing for him to laugh at us about Hearst The offices have to count for something How will you work that? Laws Jesus Christ! Excuse me Seems like one way more for his kind to run us Laws do Who will have strawberries? I hope you'll take it as measure of my keenness, Sir, and curiosity Yes, yes, yes, Mr.
Tolliver You wish to know your duties in my service Well, I make my way through the muck to learn the details Your duties will be to answer like a dog when I call Like a dog? Complications of intention on your part in dealings with me or duplicity or indirection behavior, in short, which displeases me, will bring you a smack on the snout Ouch When administered by a practiced hand such a blow can be more painful and grievous even than your recent sufferings I don't doubt the hand would be practiced Mr.
Swearengen recently discovered as much I gather it cost him a finger But I should say too that in these rooms just this afternoon such displeasure brought me near to murdering the Sheriff and raping Mrs.
Ellsworth I have learned through time, Mr.
Tolliver, and as repeatedly seem to forget that whatever temporary comfort relieving my displeasure brings me, my long-term interests suffer My proper traffic is with the earth In my dealings with people, I ought solely have to do with niggers and whites who obey me like dogs If he hadn't meant me to wag it, Sir, why would the Lord give me a tail? So I make you my second deputy, you clever little heathen monkey tongue You stand there, Richardson You're lucky for Aunt Lou Don't shy away from a little noise now Ah chung ow chi See I speak your stuff You savvy? Clatter them Goddamn sparrows "I love your cobbler like sunset, Lou.
" And back-broke niggers in the fields George Hearst do love his nose in a hole more, and ass in the air, and back legs kickin' out little lumps of gold like a fucking badger No more use for them nuggets, either Past counting them up, and saying that big number to astonish niggers to remind us we in the world Hah! I seem to have won That's the 13 orphans natural Shall we clatter them motherfuckers again? Strange affectations your devil friend has Shabby appearance, derelict hotel Put the hole through that wall just before he worked on my hand Americans it never occurs to them to try the window I'll tell you the truth I begin to wonder if I mightn't be fucking queer You see more to admire in the male asshole than you'd realized hitherto? That I haven't gone yet for Hearst's throat Ambition and the blessed simplicities of action don't always quarter in comfort I've no fucking ambition past trading to my favor and coming once a day Bullshit! A thing of this order you'd as soon not see ruined or in cinders I will if I fucking have to Avoiding it if I could Good night, Al Good night Few enough I find tolerable Lucky our paths have crossed again Don't misinterpret that All right, Jack

--- S03E04 ---
" Full Faith and Credit " Doc How you feelin'? Sleepy As a man fuckin' should at this hour, if you don't mind me sayin' It's this hour I'm able to see to ya I understand and I'm grateful At least half that fuckin' statement's a fuckin' lie Take it easy, Doc Try and get dressed today Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph Company What the fuck is that to me? Telegram for Jane Cannary Oh, yeah? Well, here's a pistol for whatever your spidery fuckin' name is Please, do not kill me I'm only messenger Shut the fuck up and read the message! How'd Al answer? He didn't answer at all Good for him Mornin' Mornin' Mornin'.
Best time of day to go fuck yourself "From Samuel Fields to Miss Jane Cannary.
" I don't know any Samuel Fields Valediction is "Nigger General.
" Gimme that fuckin' thing, and keep the fuckin' contents to yourself! Trust, Gentlemen and Ladies, we live in faith! John Langrishe, Madam, wishing you good morning on an august occasion Morning Hoping to walk with you a bit.
Better to represent my intentions this day than the last All right May I ask your name? Joanie Stubbs I regret having abrupted upon you, Miss Stubbs as you gardened I took you for interested in something you mightn't have been My interest, to be direct, is in buying your building What do you want to use it for? A theater My troupe will season in this camp Well, it's a schoolhouse now And very handsomely appointed for that purpose It was a whorehouse before Anyways, I don't know if I'd want to sell Well, perhaps you'd consider renting Perhaps you'd consider fucking yourself If I was approaching you backwards, Captain, had a mirror to observe your activity, just now I'd be most trepidatious, for, Johnny, this is a man when acting from behind and advantaged with a weapon, very much to be feared Was just doing my job You don't want to speak like that again to Mr.
Hearst Yeah, I do Do you wanna try to change my fuckin' mind? Not only will I change your mind, I'll rip your whole fucking head off Another fuckin' invite Fuckin' Hearst must take me for an optimist I'm gonna kill that cocksucker All in good time I'm curious about those tables with the numbers on them Well, they're for gambling on, those Various kinds of games of chance or different sorts So I imagined I wonder if this might be convenient time for me to learn? Leon, uh, take over supervising for me while I give this young lady some private instruction Yes, sir Supervising now, Sir This over here is a choice table Horatio, beat it Am I inconveniencing you? Oh damn Chinks They shrunk these pants in the laundry You  ever throw the bones before, Ma'am? I've caught some Oh these are my personal dice Nice, uh, fuckin' set I'm happy and glad to allow you to learn on 'em Damn chinks I should cut your salary 20%! Uh Based on time you're absent campaigning Can I make up the hours once I'm beat? Your plans are idiotic You're running for Sheriff to be a fireman And hope to be a second deputy in case they start a fire department Well, that's stupid and I ought to cut your salary You have to, you have to Why not build a fuckin' fire wagon that you then rent out to the camp? If I had money If you had a loan for  the wagon's makings and help with the fuckin' carpentry, would you build the wagon then? Uh, I'd repay you at fuckin' interest, boss Well, that's the 20%, pre-deducted from the makings' purchase We build the fuckin' wagon then rent it to the camp And don't ever speak of this again A-a-a-and two fuckin' fire hats Nigger General ain't quit drinkin', we know that for fuckin' sure How do we know that? What you just read to me is a drunkard's question "What is state of affairs in camp with regards to the horse?" Seems to me whatever the state of affairs about the horse is in the camp, It's a drunkard's decision bringin' the cocksucker back That's on Hostetler, according to the little Nigger General, if you'd understand what you fuckin' read Hostetler means to bring the horse back Hostetler! "You're right, Jane I'm a fuckin' moron as usual What  I should be doin', being as you have no experience, s helping you compose a telegraph back to little Nigger General as requested.
" Come over here and save yourself the cost of a wire Oh, fuck! What are you lookin' at, huh? think just 'cause I happen to got a peppermint, it's yours by right? Always possible I'm having a nightmare You greedy, sweet-toothed cocksucker That's right that's right You come to take my place away! Oh, Miss Stubbs Take a seat in that cell there till I square a place away for you I have an offer to sell my place How are you inclined to answer? Unless you don't yet know, if I ain't out of place askin' I told the man to fuck himself Tactics or a true position? I don't know I don't know, Mr.
Utter Why don't I close up for a while? Oh, please don't Nigger General and Hostetler brung that horse back to camp, got away from 'em and trampled the Sheriff's boy Is that so? Wherever the two of them was, I guess they didn't feel their lives were in enough danger Well, people will do strange things For years at a time Pick any part of my life, for example It just don't sit well with me To sell your place, you mean? But I can't think why I wouldn't What's wrong with whim for a reason? I'll tell you what I like What I like is knowing these children are learning I like that, and I like watering their garden the days they ain't in session The day that school opened, I remember sayin' to Sheriff Bullock what a nice thing it seemed, watching them little ones walk off to your place That's what I Goddamn like, imagining them walkin' into it I ain't seen it yet, but I'd like to, and when he wanted to buy it, all I thought's "Now I never will.
" Oh God Almighty What is it, Miss Stubbs? I wish once I could care for those little ones Just once instead of doin' what I did Walked in like the past six weeks never fuckin' happened Never fuckin' left the camp Never fuckin' abandoned the fuckin' horses to starve, or die of fuckin' thirst Nigger motherfuckers! Harry, what the fuck are you waitin' for?! What are you talking about, Steve What I swore up and down was gonna happen, and nobody paid me any heed What happened to me in Utica and every other fuckin' place I've ever been in my fuckin' life! The white man bears the nigger's weight around his neck like a fucking albatross And yet people still ask, "Well, why is he bent over?! And why can he barely fuckin' walk?!" The livery's gone All my labor, efforts are gone for naught And they walked in like they never fucking left, and they didn't take responsibility for trampling that white boy! Nor did they give less than a flyin' fuck! And I wonder what the fuckin' parents are gonna say about that too! Why don't you stand down over there, Harry? Many thanks If  you stay in camp long, Sir, you may have the delightful surprise of meeting your identical twin He has appointed to degrade himself The open question is with whom Now we'll find out about you What is it? Or justice for the white man or for your own dead child At the Saloon Number fucking 10! Well, are you coming? Yeah, I'm fucking coming Mrs.
Ellsworth You don't confuse me with Mrs.
Bullock? Well, as far as the conjugal enterprise, I'll admit often feeling like a schoolboy Thank you for it Speaking further, 'twixt your mine and now this bank, however much I mayn't be good at it, I feel I married rather well I put you on notice Want my money, it better be fucking available, day or fucking night Mayn't I draw you a map then in case it's night you want it, to lead you to where I live so you can wake me? Now fuck you then I ain't depositing Oh no? Oh,  say it ain't fuckin' so, you stupid fucking asshole! Now now now now Now now, fucking what?! Now now, keep your voice down Who the fuck are you anyway? Sir Stay out of this Deposits here, if we fucking let you make 'em, are backed by this lady's gold mine So do not confuse her with some paper palace fly-by-night who means "catch me if you can, turn me upside down and whatever falls out of my pants pocket is what's behind my scrip," when his note says "Full faith and credit.
" Thank you, Mr.
Ellsworth She'd make the uses of money available for people in the camp ain't belligerent cocksuckers Short of following you around with her fucking mine on her back, how else is she supposed to do it? Thank you You're welcome I am Mrs.
Ellsworth Ah How do you do? I guess I'll try you out Our hearts fucking leap with joy Keep him here Now we'll see if he takes the nigger's word or how they fucking lie Shut up! Well, give me a drink and it's a deal, Tom Go on away from here now Ain't nobody trying to keep you Yeah, that's why I come back with you, Hostetler, to worsen my chances when I try to flee I was coming to find you once I had the horse cleaned This is the horse that hurt your boy We collected him and we brung him back He died The horse escaped in my care, you may hold the boy's dying against me Hostetler took precautions We was trying to nut the horse shut up now shut up I collected the horse and brought him back I'm back too You say what you think is right I'm not gonna act against you for an accident Your boy I'm as sorry as I can be I hope you will take that to his mother for me I'm here to talk about the livery I feel sorry running away from this too It's a shame leaving animals uncared for Wanting not to be killed will put you to some difficult choices Steve's been looking after the place Did damn good at first look Any chance to keep hell from breaking loose between you? He left out of here shouting and screaming off of me saying thanks for looking out I'm asking, Hostetler, far as you go, does hell have to break loose? No, hell don't have to break loose A colleague of mine, Leon, out of the Bella Union you might not have noticed him Leon remarks to me after you left, "That young lady had a front porch on her a fella could read a book off of.
" You know Leon said that unsolicited It's time to go In a few days, we can do this again Uh, Captain will be back at the helm! Mr.
Langrishe, I couldn't possibly consider your offer unless you would agree to building a new schoolhouse at your expense for Mrs.
Bullock and the children Well, who could say no to that? Well, what what if Mrs.
Bullock doesn't want a change of location? I can't think why she'd prefer teaching in an ex-brothel over a place new-built for schooling People are strange about things, Charlie But if you like, I'll get her say-so And then I'll speak to Mr.
Langrishe Why don't' we talk at the hardware store? Why don't we talk right here? A 30-minute recess boys No recess on my account I don't want my getting' fucked to put others to inconvenience No one's here to fuck you, Steve, if you'd just quit running your mouth First off, I thank you for looking to the livery He'll talk to me through you or he won't get any fucking response I'm grateful for the care you gave the animals Now you wait until he translates from ape Don't insult him again You being this kind of neutral Sheriff is why I'm gonna vote for Harry Manning I want to pay you for your time and your trouble That's  it? Send me on my fucking way? And if you wanted to work there, I would be willing to keep you on Look at him, gritting his teeth, holding onto his fucking nose! Don't you do me any fucking favors, Hostetler! I didn't ask permission of anyone to look after that stock, and I'm not gonna start with a fucking nigger! The Sheriff will have your back pay if you come to change your mind Fuck you! I was answerable to that horse that trampled his boy Camp being stirred up, if I lingered to make my arrangements I don't' think I would have lived to catch that horse Ain't that the purest form or nigger logic? He runs, he blames the white man, and then he comes back and he treats him like dirt! Hey, when can I start working for you, you fucking monkey ape?! Why don't you start jumping up and down and pounding your chest and murder a few dozen lice?! You motherfucker What did you say about my mother?! You motherfuckers What did you just say about these people! You ofay motherfuckers! Put me down until you're ready to kill me or run You're gonna leave this to me Do you understand? You leave it to me I came my part and he wouldn't meet me I'll take care of it Will you let me try? It's what I want for my son Put me down now If I do, it won't be to kill you and I'm not running So what are we gonna do then? Put me down I was gonna go to Oregon You let him buy me out fair and I'll fucking go I'll be at the livery He'll sell to you Do you want to take it on? I don't have the means to purchase it If you had the means at loan Yes, I'd be willing, very much so No bargain My partner would make the price You'd say yes or no Yeah, I'm interested, if I had the means at loan What do you think of that? Sheriff Bullock Trying to broker some settlement between Steve and Hostetler Well I'll find you later then Be quick, you got me now Must've been unwelcome to Mrs.
Bullock, that horse being brought back Not wantin' to intrude on her, Miss Stubbs was having asked me to find out, might I ask you to speak in her stead as to something I believe we both know where she stand on? Is that your Goddamn idea of quick, Charlie? Miss Stubbs, that owns the Chez Ami building where Mrs.
Bullock teaches, has got asked to name a price which she'd sell at She got stipulations and likes of which I won't bore you with, but her big worry, if the buyer on his own nickel were to put a new schoolhouse up elsewhere, would Mrs.
Bullock be loathe to leave the Chez? Why would she be loathe to leave it? Can I take that as a "no" as if from your wife's own lips? Yeah Thank you Sorry to hold you up "Be quick.
" Fucking delicate operation Jack One thought he'd engaged a room for you at the other end of the hall I'm going to it now Invites me and Tolliver for a chat What the fuck is in his head? Does he think he broke me? Does this cocksucker think he broke me and now we're at his beck and call? Oh, Jesus Christ, get your head off it Get your fucking head off it for all the fucking good you're doing down there That's all I need: At a perfect juncture you to alter your action and forget your previous method I didn't alter my action No? is my dick in your mouth? Do I have a hard-on? Then you change your action Go back to your previous fucking method Hmm Does he construe my forbearance as weakness is that what the fuck nags at me? Or my considerations of alternatives for being fucking intimidated because the time's coming he sees what I'm up to beyond any fucking mistake, and I only hope you don't doubt it Huh, you see?! Y-y-y-you don't think that counts as altering your action? You would change your entire fucking mouth pattern Sorry Sorry? Oh, I guess that's okay then because my goal before my meeting wasn't to come and clear my fucking head, not so much as to hear you say you're sorry, you stupid fucking mutt Should I go? No Tell me who you want in the election Star for Mayor and Harry Manning for Sheriff Star for Mayor and Bullock for fucking Sheriff Bullock yells at you Get out Shut up and get out Does he think I'm fucking afraid? Young man Jack Less throb today, one hopes, in the phantom digit Not to fucking mention elsewhere, huh? Might I ask you what you know of a Miss Stubbs that owns the Chez Ami? Whoremistress Not presently active, I'm told Hearst's geologist killed three of her girls The three he didn't she hid under canvas and spirited out of camp Now lets her place as a schoolhouse My impression, she donates it To cleanse the camp's idea of her? Would that base her turning away a theater type's offer to buy? Wouldn't enter into it Cares for a gut-shot shitbird no one in camp has time for, nor she has any love for either Loyal, see? That type Some sentimentality do you suppose, about the building itself? Might that account for her holding on? I wouldn't know, Jack She's all right Must think I'm a fucking dog, forgives the blow, first friendly scratch of the ear Invites me back to his rooms, fucking Hearst Shall I accompany as your second? My obvious unsuitability might confuse him Do survive E.
B The titans gather Swearengen Tolliver Do we now assault Olympus? Quiet, E.
B I think Cochran's a lunger Bit motley ourselves, huh? What would you make that livery worth? I'd have to look into it I need a figure now if you made me say without investigating Laying by for the future Very forward looking Oh, I'm keen-eyed Ahead and behind Your mark would go there I'll sign my names, Mrs.
Garret I've been lettered since I was 12 Since you can read, you may wish to examine my nameplate Mrs.
Ellsworth, I'm I'm very sorry and very very apologetic Perhaps you would finish signing over there while I tend to Mr.
Bullock Opened an account Mr.
Bullock I'd like that drunk Steve to have a loan $1200, title to the livery as collateral I'll cosign the note Has Steve clear title? He will once he's bought out Hostetler That's what the money's for What is Steve-the-Drunk's surname? Fields $1200, Trixie, payable to a Mr.
Steve Fields upon his signature and submission of title to the livery, Mr.
Bullock to cosign All right Thank you My back's in frank rebellion Uh, gentlemen, will you mind if I keep to this angles? Hang upside down from the ceiling for all of me It may come to that Mr.
Swearengen, I will take your silence for assent We pass another milestone Bank of Deadwood opens its doors Is not Mrs.
Ellsworth a dynamo? Let's find one and send it to her What's the occasion? I have my physician to see How are you indisposed, Mr.
Swearengen? Sick at the stomach Would you wish to leave now? Mr.
Tolliver can report our conversation Tough it out, Al, like me that's guts is more outside his pants than in The occasion? The camp comes to such an hour I'd have us reach a new understanding The "hour" meaning elections I am given pause by the quality of certain of the likely victors But I have come to believe as well that my temperament ill suits me for environments such as this one must become And other opportunities presenting themselves elsewhere, I may best serve my own interests here by standing at some remove Are you leaving? Can you say it straight out before I have a fucking birthday? I will be coming and going, is that straight out enough? What's the task you'd give us? And what's our fuckin' piece for doing 'em? Al Shut up To not let become over-onerous my interests encounter with the camp's retrogressive elements Meaning what, you phony bastard? Who do we kill? What's our pay? It ain't fair to make it that simple, Al Fuck you He took the pick to me simple enough We will get to numbers quickly once we've agreed in principle Numbers are the only principle I believe in, and naming what the numbers buy when you and him come to 'em, tell fucking Adams and he'll bring you my reply later Him and me, we've had our last word What have the Gods decreed? Too fearful and upset to relive it, E.
B We do agree in principle? Oh, Yes, Sir Numbers and acts is what's left to discuss Sounds like a Bible study, don't it? Charlie read me the telegram, then I seen 'em come into camp My exact fucking thought, "Look, Jane, two dead Niggers leading a dead fucking horse.
" Matter came to rope, Steve the drunk to cinch the noose Charlie's right for the first time in months Fucking Steve The exact type malicious cocksucker tars every fucking drunk with his brush Anyway, here's Trixie with the loan documents This succeeds, Bullock, what you're trying to work out here, I will doff hat to you and no fucking mistake Just don't let her take off her boots Did you know Miss Stubbs might sell her place? You gotta fucking sign Lot of shitbags hang around a bank Did you ever fucking notice? Asshole Trailing clouds of glory Do you read wordsworth? I do not, Madam, no How do you come to ask? You've just quoted him Well, I have a digest from which I memorize, suppressing the authors' names Enjoy your supper When will I raise courage to search that woman's room? Thank you My pleasure Don't look to take her order She likes to draw awhile before she eats "Bone weary but soldering on.
" Bellegarde as a soldier? He is an actor after all But unless you would build a new schoolhouse for Mrs.
Bullock to teach the camp's children in, I couldn't even begin to entertain the idea of a sale The most natural and constructive of stipulations, Miss Stubbs At your expense, I hope you understand I do And may I submit to you now my offer? Please do Very generous Thank you We've an agreement? Far as the schoolhouse and its costs? Absolutely separate, my obligation in that regard Those'd be exclusive Exactly They come to an understanding She seems quite thin Might be where he first went wrong, learning to read and cipher Why ain't he sign first? Why ain't I half a foot taller? You're who I came to first Order's right and amount is fair And once Steve signs, then I will I'm not a Goddamn errand boy, Hostetler, to mule this thing back and forth Give it to me Let me forge Steve's name I ain't gonna be first to sign and look a cunt when he don't Nigger, nigger, nigger Where the fuck have you been? I was looking for someone whose name you told me never to say again Amongst further instructions including not to look for him when he's fucking disappeared Well, I held off saying where I was I can repose no truth in someone who traffics with that type douche bag I don't think Hawkeye's a douche bag Who you believe you can salvage, Adams, is the douche bag you must avoid, and no effort of yours can preclude some point past help And you yourself, being his consort, in similar fucking straights And all the energies I've poured into you gone for naught I vow on the fucking subject I find you dead 'cause of him, I'll kick your corpse in the ear for the waste of my fucking time Anyways, what'd you want? I've named you to represent me in my dealings with fucking Hearst Tolliver too, in that connection With Tolliver in connection with Hearst? As he's put us in tandem, fucking Hearst You and Tolliver? If I sought an echo, Adams, I'd now be addressing a fucking mountain I'm in waters I don't know, nor soundings I can take To bring me the knowledge I need, my second needs to seem capable of disloyalty If that's supposed to be a compliment, thanks Get the fuck out Out out Go Get out Which is to say, being loyal, he can forego loyalty's display Like not searching out a friend who don't want to be found Just hoping he makes his way back, hmm? How's Dan gonna take your choosing me? That's my fucking problem to deal with Jack, how'd it go with that place? One has agreed beyond purchase to construct a new schoolhouse elsewhere That should go up prior, not to interrupt the fucking teacher Your law-giving tone is noted Lovely smile She sucks my prick Her methods deserted her completely Might varying the hour produce a different outcome? What's the hour's relevance? It's her technique's fuckin' awry Anyway, Jack, gotta get my ear pissed in I'm glad about your place Thank you, young man Glad you're still amongst us Nor, one imagines, is the local creek rife with oysters I'm onboard, Bullock And you are looking at a grateful man, and who ain't appreciated you previous the way he does now Sign We've accomplished something here today! Take this agreement and this pen, Go over to that livery and get that Nigger's signature I will Sign the fucking thing first Let's not lose our sense of proportion this late phase in the process Sign it! The Nigger signs and then I'll accept You know you hurt my feelings Dan That's the long and short of it, Al You fucking pick Adams to represent you, you hurt my fucking feelings and that is the fucking matter's end Would you go against me? That is not what we're talking about You know I'd never break loyalty That don't mean my feelings can't get hurt Fucking point is you'd never go against me Tolliver knows I need someone he don't know that about I don't think Silas would go agin you neither You and him haven't been through, me and him haven't been through what me and you've been through Hmm Not by a long shot So more than an opinion ain't possible Still, I'd be fucking surprised if either of us was mistaken Me too Fucking Doc What's his problem? Thank he's a fucking lunger Jesus Christ, it is one fucking thing after another Observe a decent interval, and we'll give it another fucking whirl Keep 'em separate, agree on a time tomorrow when their dicks will be down, have 'em sign simultaneous Petite and quite beautiful your mother is, for being a financial powerhouse Of service to the camp, turning her mine into houses and the like getting built, businesses begun Some for people that'll never know her name I'll take the air, just briefly I'll continue to be beaten at checkers Any fucking domicile but the graveyarn suits me fine Don't you worry about me I got things taken care of over here I don't know either But I do know that you're welcome wherever I go Is Mose invited to the new destination? Because I'd think you'd need to widen some doorways if he is Haven't talked to Mose about it Well, he can be the watchman then I have no issue with that We'll figure the rest out when time comes Where would the stage be? I don't know Yeah, I don't know either Ain't our line I guess That they agreed tonight is no guarantee what they'll do at 10:00 in the morning Please see that no harm comes to that horse I will Then after the watches were synchronized, another hour studying them like idiots to see if one gained on the other Sol It's not the fucking hour It's not the fucking vantage of the chair It's you that's changed the level of your suction somehow That's the fucking sum and substance of it Maybe if I get up on my knees? You're the cocksucker Change the fucking angle Hey, Jesus Christ, you'll turn me inside out Come on Advice from third fucking parties place a table on the boardwalk, people can jot their suggestions, roll in the much of the thoroughfare in gales of fucking laughter I did not shame myself I keep an open mind in that area Kid yourself about your behavior, you'll never learn a fuckin' thing I knew what was coming too Fucking Captain, holding me down I knew what the fuck was next When he chopped off your finger? He didn't chop off my finger Hearst chopped my fucking finger off The other fuck held me down They hold you down, you you can't get at them to help yourself Fucking cold in here anyway You want a blanket? If I do I'll put it round me You ain't boss of the fucking bedclothes They hold you down from behind, then you wonder why you're helpless How the fuck could you not be?! I don't like it either Another one that held me down, that fuckin' proctor when I tried to get to that ship He fuckin' held me, fuckin' wouldn't let me go Fucking my mind, you see? She was being restrainded Couldn't get back off that had got on the boat to New Orleans to go suck prick in Georgia She changed her mind and and I was being restrained by that fat bastard orphanage proctor Anyway, that's it That's the end of it That's the fucking conclusion Christ, I'd have wished to though probably she'd have thrown me overboard anyway, but I'd have wished to get to that fucking ship But I was being restrained I couldn't get from where she'd left me He held me to that bed, her calling from the ship that had changed her mind I don't like it either No, huh? What? When they hold you down I guess I do that, huh, with your fucking hair? No No? Well, bless you for a fucking fibber

--- S03E05 ---
" A Two-Headed Beast " Engine room! This is the Captain! Throw coal to the fuckin' boiler! And a hard right rudder! Hello, the galley! Fuckin' jeroboam of champagne to the bridge immediately! Uh, Mr.
T.
Uh, brief uh, idle time, uh, a harmless, uh, wilin' away I'm considering, Con, being Swearengen's decided a underling'll represent him in certain of our mutual transactions, would it be my seemly tactic to do likewise? Hmm I'd need to know my man had discipline and appetites in fuckin' harness and the like Well, what this is, Sir, uh yesterday, I occasioned to fuck a woman after a considerable period of abstention, and that seems now to have throwed me unawares, uh, into a fuckin' spasm of sex interest, which I fuckin' pray will be brief Well I believe I'll defer enlisting you in this other aspect Prudent, Sir, till I get well on the other fuckin' side Iceberg fuckin' avoided Looming fuckin' catastrophe Mr.
Tolliver and Mr.
Swearengen are uneasy colleagues I wouldn't know, Sir That feels to me less than a full verity I don't know what that means, Mr.
Hearst That you not knowin' about any uneasiness between Tolliver and Swearengen sounds to me like a lie Yeah I guess so Better Would you want me saying my first loyalty was to you, Mr.
Hearst, to verity instead of Mr.
Swearengen? hat'd sound like a lie too, and peg me a liar in the bargain So I'll have to win you away I guess so But I oughtn't to imagine the process will be quick Guess not Good, Adams Did he coach you long? Didn't fuckin' coach me at all, Mr.
Hearst Captain Turner Go tell your friend I know he's afraid of me Dority? Big guy? I guess he looks big to you Is that what you brought me here for? You want me to take that back to Dority? I guess so Crazy nigger at the livery's in your debt Crazy nigger at the livery ought not plan on this becomin' no habit No chance of that He's bound for Oregon, Miss Lady, with the handsome nigger you're talkin' to right now, if our luck holds to the afternoon Get off your ass and start to walkin' Your friend might get to eat that warm Go ahead Put a hole in that thing I'm measuring the stroke to move you along with the rest of this shit Much obliged! Travel safe Biggest day of my Goddamn life, and I get a fuckin' spittoon spilled over my head That you already knocked on its side when you were fuckin' dozing I'm glad I did it I've enough blood and guts spilt in my Goddamn place, Steve For a lifetime, you understand?! If it takes the contents of a spittoon to make you fuckin' wash, then so fuckin' be it! What does washin' have to do with the other, Tom? Well, to put you on the fuckin' path, fuckin' respect yourself, and the fuckin' occasion, and bring no more fuckin' shame onto my place, God damn it! After I own the livery, you slanty-eyed bastards, maybe you'd like to come by and look at me then! Now get the fuck outta here! Here! Harry,  what time is it? Hour's 17 minutes till 10:00 No harm in him showin' up early You've done this camp a great service, Mrs.
Ellsworth You're very kind And yet, Mr.
Merrick, in candor, witnessing the events of late in the east, oughtn't any depositor pause and consider before trusting his savings to a bank? Uh, well, I suppose that's true Which is why a bank owned locally wishing to make available funds to organize and develop our community to build businesses and homes, and whose deposits are guaranteed by gold not two miles distant from this building in which we sit, isn't that why the depositor at the Bank of Deadwood, having considered, ought come forward in assurance and confidence Yes! Yes Have  you any questions for me? I have not, Madam Not not at the present moment Well, I guess that argues for me showing Captain Cuntface how Goddamn afraid I am It wasn't aftertalk between you and Turner? Hearst was there when Turner said it, and Hearst I asked did he want it brought back to you Hearst says to me, "I guess so.
" "Guess so" don't sound like Hearst I'd said "I guess so" before I think he was making small of me What is there to consider over, Al? That sea creature Turner called me out It's Hearst calling you out I'm trying to decipher his reason Well, me seein' to Turner will not delay your Goddamn decipherin' Can you shut up now, Dan, that you fuckin' couldn't before? He hurt you, then he calls to you like a dog I had to tell him to fuck himself Even as I forbore till I could see to my fuckin' arrangements Think they'll get seen to by the snows? Ready  your pen You're addressing me like a fuckin' field hand won't impede me cooperatin' Now go! That that's it, Hostetler 'Cause I keep my sense of priority on what the fuck is important I broke your fuckin' tip "Mrs.
Alma Ellsworth, serene and comely principal of the just opened Deadwood Bank, assured this reporter that depositors need fear no local echo of eastern financial panics A locally-owned bank Careful, be careful Uh, "Lending to develop businesses and build homes in the region, and backed by the underground assets of one of the strongest mining concerns in the Dakota territory, such a bank cannot help but Do you mind if we, uh, walk on more level ground, Mr.
Blazanov? Oh, no no no no I'll watch out for livestock Thank you "Such a bank cannot help but draw prudent customers in great numbers from every area of our black hills.
" Mrs.
Ellsworth, being so elevated, so sweetly radiant in spirit, I wonder if her words resonated with me at the time as being more poetic and compelling than now they seem in cold transcription And with the lady herself absent This is bad To abandon a friend like that when he's taken by drink I think this is more woeful, Mr.
Merrick We shall fetch the Sheriff, Mr.
Blazanov Leon Mr.
Tolliver That's a guilty skulkin' fuckin' look on your features, son I think by now you'd be more come to terms with your weaknesses Merciless conscience, Sir, since childhood You're buyin' drugs? I was buying drugs, yes, Sir That is the fuckin' cross my weakness has to bear And do you bear it for yourself alone, Leon, or long as you're about it, with others as well and earn the extra dollar thereby? I do not do that, Sir, no I got to wonder, son is it you been helpin' Lila in her fall? It is not, Mr.
Tolliver Lila drops her own bucket down the well I'm telling you, Sir! Takin' a whore o' yours down, that's next to directly robbing you Fella like me that's been indisposed To show he's back in play might cut a thief's throat You're fuckin' misinterpreting it.
I I was copping for another but it wasn't fuckin' Lila I was coppin' for that cunt at the bank Their faces weren't familiar, the men who left him here His name was Pasco Does Pasco have a friend here? How do you know his name? Cornishman, talked Union Worked for Hearst Do you feel there's a significance to that? The third of those organizers's been killed You got nothin' to say to that or on any other fuckin' topic On Hearst's orders, you believe? A knife to the chest, body atop Hearst's works in the thoroughfare I withdraw from our agreement I'd ask it's very brief extension No.
No Or we're both just fuckin' cowards I ain't no fucking coward! Though Dan might support your position What's he talking about? Wait a bit, Bullock Don't go for Hearst yet You know Al I've got the briefest of other bidness See to it Yes, s-see to it, Bullock Watching us advance on your stupid teepee, Chief, knowing you had to make your move did you not just want first to fucking understand? Huh? Your repayment of the loan we make you now, Mr.
Fields, whose proceeds purchase Mr.
Hostetler's livery, is secured by the livery deed itself to be held as collateral in the possession of the bank until the debt shall be satisfied Understood and agreed to And don't lose one second to wakefulness or worry I'll repay in a timely fashion Will you be paid in specie or currency, Mr.
Hostetler? Gold,  please Thank you, Trixie I don't suppose a handshake signaling the transaction's completion is absolutely required Then I guess we don't have to do it then And if you're hoping to pass as a man before you hightail it to Oregon, you will return to me that board you made me sign Thank you so much for squiring me, these gentlemen being so obviously compelled by other responsibilities Such acid scrutiny by former boon companions We was never your fucking boon companions, E.
B Forgive me my confusing, Dan, my own deep feelings for you with what yours may have been for me I did not offer my hotel to Hearst which sale has made me outcast among you Hearst forced the transaction upon me I miss our morning coffee Yeah? Bein' no one is frequenting the main bar, Davey, what in fuck business you think you're gonna do standing behind there? Boss says I'm to attend the auxiliary bar The auxiliary bar ain't made a cunt's hair bit of business sense since it's fuckin' inception! Go on up and set the boss straight Hey, you don't want to take that smart-aleck tone, that fuckin' attitude with me, Davey You hear me? Hearst organizes violence between his man and Dority Does  he? Orchestrates combat between them, mutilates me, plants that organizer's body like a flag in the fuckin' thoroughfare That last is fresh news Makes of me and Tolliver a two-headed beast to savage what might be healthy borne out of the fucking election and gnaw its own privates off-hours Plans keep coming to the cocksucker that their final sum is this: But for what brings income to him, break what he can; what he can't, set those parts against themselves to weaken Scoundrel! Hearst The why's what fucking confounds me What's in his head, I cannot fucking find in mine Don't suppose you talk to the Captain? Hails and farewells, but he never replies Or the cook? The negress and I are not intimate Alright, E.
B May I ask your plans, Al? No Only to further their achievement No All right All right Yeah Glad to have been of help Always available for counsel I dare not think what you've been through to reach us It's been a crucifixion Too painful, even the merest details Formidable, even at bay My last camp, Jack As it may be for us all, young man The place is yearning for elevation and festering with wealth Oh dear Augment of cupidity in the Iris, a healthy augury We must help them however we can Heave ho, young man, but slowly It's past me I cannot figure the fuckin' angle Go ahead and fucking fight him All right then What you want to be carryin', Dan? Nothing I would want found secreted on me, worse comes to worst Well don't say you ain't bringing your blade Naked, visible in it's fuckin' sheath and disposable before we join If he dispenses with his If it's getting to go wrong, Dan, you just drop down flat What the fuck did you just say? Drop flat if it's going wrong, and I'll blow his fucking head off You do and it'll be the last Goddamn thing you do on this fucking earth Going wrong is not the end of fucking things, Johnny Fuck no! I have come back from plenty of shit that looked like it was going wrong All right, Dan He's got the advantage of you there, don't he? That short-cropped fucking hair? Well, he's not lacking for brass "Come scare me in the thoroughfare.
" Star City, Captain, you remember the man's name? Leonard That was a fight Not how I remember As an object lesson to every man watching For not much fight, it did not end quickly I suppose is what I'm trying to say Do you understand me? Yes, I understand Thank you, Jack I am your Jack, Chesterton, but your producer too A rigor we've always sustained To carry a performer through illness when recovery is in prospect is an indulgence one can sometimes justify But support of idleness destined for the grave, that, Chesterton, the narrow economy of our art does not permit You would have me die destitute? You will purchase your keep with that voice intrusive and incessantly opinionated no vagary of our past has yet stilled The subject? We have but one In this instance, the theater is formerly a bordello The eye lines must be all wrong In the morning, it meets with your atrabilious scrutiny Oh I must rest Bellegarde? We proceed Costumes, Countess, will you chair? Ja Props and scenery, chair? Only if you serve as second I'm so so so so sorry Is costumes taken? Are they performing now? Quiet Civic relations I'd appoint myself without objection? Will  we continue as if all among us are well when one so plainly is not? And what committee, Bellegard, to address the old man's mortal illness would you have us fucking form? No committee Committees is the task before us No business as usual Business and tasks is what we'll have, just as you are tardy and ginger on your bum for the usual fucking reasons, despite your deep personal grief Not offered as a case for change Civic relations is me, and we'll include here a subcommittee for the renovation of the bordello Supervision of the work, subcommittee head Countess, done, with thanks Civic relations, construction, Claudia Countess is the second Hiring laborers A truth divinely writ: we make more devotees of theater engaging 20 laborers at $2 apiece than two of the same at $20 Busy busy busy Is he receiving as yet? Let me go see Tell him last fucking call Broken bones mortally interfering with organs is what I would like to rule out Doc's back, Dan Don't need the fucking Doc Come on, Dan Let him look at you He come back special You heard what the fuck I said He wants to poke around in some innards, tell him to work on the one I killed Bottle? One of the girls? There's a clamoring line to see to you Get the fuck out of here, Johnny Sure Listen for raspy fucking shallow breathing in the course of the fucking night Him going blue too, would hint to you to fucking come get me Definitely Have you ample towels? Uh, ample, thank you Enough hot water? Well, I could almost wish it cooler May I help you with your back? What? Scrubbing your back Uh, I'm out--now Thanks anyhow Does it occur to you, banging repeatedly on the fucking wall, either I'm not in which makes what you're doing stupid or being in, don't want to see you which makes you a pain in my balls!? Doubtless now nodding agreement like little boy fucking lost What? Hello You fucking work at the bank I do now Not a noble "Hello" at opening, and regal fucking look-by at the closing up of shop? I'm at the hardware store all day, Trixie I'll switch with you Bank's a Jew's proper province anyways along with the addled self-deceived Our depositors? The bank's founder and president, Chief Officer, as well, of air-headed smugness and headlong plunges unawares into the fucking abyss I-I don't understand You wouldn't You're too fucking healthy-minded You'll sit here waiting for me to materialize from a piece of fucking furniture and think the world is normal Do you want to get fucked or not? Please Your hair looks like a porcupine Forgot the brush Do you mind? Well, no no no That's How's it now? Better Thanks very much I haven't finished Oh, go ahead then Go on Presentable? Very You're young for failing eyesight Spiny too, like a porcupine? Huh-uh I guess it'd be unmanly to fear I may faint Please don't I'll make some arrangement What do you mean? For my things and the like arrange to collect my things Will you have me bring the little one back? I'll collect Sofia Don't forget Come on, come on, come on, come on, yeah Think this is pretty fucking funny, don't you, Hostetler? No Watch me crawl around here like a Goddamn fool, and you laughing up your fucking sleeve Hostetler don't know where the board is I'm the one hid it Oh, I believe that Definitely Assisstant fucking baboon You hid it, he don't know where and you can't remember where it is! I wasn't too drunk not to know I should hide it, but I was too drunk to keep track of where Is this it? Is this the board? Clean it the fuck off! Well, yeah.
Ha ha ha Bring it here.
Bring it in Unwrap that cocksucker! What the fuck is that supposed to be? Give him the board You think I'm a fucking moron? You think I'm a moron to fall for your fucking lies Don't you call me dishonest I'll call you that and worse You hand me that then ride off with the actual board? This is the actual board, wrapped in the cheesecloth that I stole off a horse I never knew this board was took from where I had it until I looked for it during last night, and that's when he told me that he had hid it To keep you from doing something stupid This is the board! For Christ's sake, what difference does the rest of it make? I don't know it's the actual board There's no more fucking writing on it! Shall I accept myself as satisfied, only for Hostetler once escaped to send the real fucking board back from Cheyenne while he's laughing up his lying sleeve? For Bullock to open the package and humiliate me? Or for the fucking bank woman to humiliate me with the true fucking board? Or to revoke my fucking security on my fucking loan? Or whatever your fucked-up plan is to make me a fucking cunt! I will not be called a fucking liar I didn't live my life for that Yeah, fuck you, Steve We're leaving Talk stupid to our fucking dust! Yeah? I wish you'd look in on Dan, boss Not for being poorly as down Johnny, some shit's best walked through alone Dan's killed people before You have too But neither've been solitary after A fair fight, something Dan and I have always struggled to avoid, is different You see the light go out of their eyes It's just you left and death So that's why Dan wants to be alone He knows where to find me Sit down If you want to What are, what are we waiting for? To see what kind of hell breaks loose Uh, Whiskey, please And leave the bottle I just saw to the remains of a friend Yes, Sir George Hearst Jack Young Jack Young Yes, Sir How do you do, Jack? How do you do? Sheriff Is he up there? Who? Is Hearst fucking up there, Farnum? I cannot say I cannot say I cannot betray the whereabouts of an owner-guest Mr.
Hearst I regret not being out here with you before, Sir Help too stupid to wake me from my nap Not at all On down there now, Jack At least do that much right Helluva fucking day How much do you know? I heard there was a set-to in the thoroughfare Did you know it was my man killed? Was that the outcome? My man was killed, yes I'm sorry It happens It's the nature of things It don't lessen the sadness when it's a friend's The Sheriff joins us Whiskey The Sheriff recently put me on notice he is vigilant of my possible transgressions You sound drunk to me Whom are you addressing? You You sound drunk Do I? Mm-hmm When I say "Fuck yourself, Sheriff," will you put that down to drunkenness or a high estimate of your athleticism? Did you just tell me to fuck myself? I think I did and to shut up or I'll quiet you myself You're under arrest Fuck you, and shut up or I will shut you up for good Threatening a peace officer, I'm taking you into custody Don't be stupid, Bullock Don't you be fucking stupid Fuck you Johnny The Sheriff eliminates several of our options Not a fucking word comes to print Understood

--- S03E06 ---
" A Rich Find " Fuckin' Postal contract Got to bring these in first thing I'll be right with you Is he only a Goddamn fool or so stupid he thinks he's accomplished something? Who? You know Goddamn well who I mean Who are you? You Goddamn well know that too I know from the Sheriff locking you up between sundown when I left and my coming back now, you must have fucked up at the interval Where you drunk? You and I have met At the hotel buffet Yes But we wasn't introduced I'm George Hearst! Were you drunk, George Hearst? This fellow didn't keep you up here, did he? He didn't like fart or snore too much for you, did he, Mr.
Hearst? I mean, he imbi Holy Shit! Jesus! The cocksucker's dead, George! Look, he's got a fuckin' knife in his chest That ain't your fuckin' knife, is it, George Hearst? Goddamn fool Won't be the first the worms work on I guess he deserves more than a dirt burying by some stranger, even for only how big a fuckin' nigger he was Don't know if using this trough was that big a fuckin' timesaver I'll see to the burying with you I owe a visit up there anyways That ain't gonna raise your popularity with your fellow white people Question I wake to in the morning and pass out with at night: "What's my popularity with my fellow white people?" Suppose we ought to go get him He ain't fuckin' pretty to look at Neither are you, fuckin' Nigger General After that I arrested Hearst Took him by the ear and led him to jail, where he remains Hearst had no particular connection to Mr.
Hostetler? Both their names begin with "H" It's gonna get bad here, Martha It's Albert Swearengen, regrettin' the early hour and that I call without notice Good morning.
Come in knowing I intrude Mrs.
Bullock Good morning, Mr.
Swearengen Will you have meat and eggs? I'd be grateful for coffee Please sit down Swell, stem to stern (formidable, dans les moindres recoins) the place If you will not eat, will you excuse me? Teaches the camp's children Excellent I'll walk you when you're ready There's no burning rush I'm sure the talk Mr.
Swearengen would have with you must be important Last night from my balcony vantage, I watched you drag Hearst by the ear to Utter's Freight Office I was waitin' on you comin' out of Utter's, thinking that you might make a call on me, tell me what the fuck was going forward, but you did not appear I finally asked myself, "Could our Sheriff have took another route home, maybe through Chinaman's Alley? And what would that bespeak of his 'frame of mind' (humeur)?" It 'bespoke' (tmoignait / dmontrait) I didn't fuckin' feel like talking to you "Al, busy night, Short on joy.
" Could have told me that "Let's talk another time.
" I too, Bullock, when suspecting I've fucked the dog, keenly seek some solitude Our hour is wrong Having lost his man Turner, being embarrassed by you, Hearst will be on the muscle, and we, who will be his 'wrath's object' (l'objet de son courroux),ought to stay close and confide Our alternative is flight Does that appeal? No We ain't that sort, which is maybe more the pity Will you walk me to school now, Mr.
Bullock? Yes Thank you for the coffee You're very welcome, Mr.
Swearengen Owie Well,  Sofia, We're almost through It's cold The fire's gone out Mr.
Ellsworth left for the diggings early this morning He didn't come to kiss me good night You must not have wakened I always waken from his beard Well, last night you must not have There You look more than presentable Excuse me just a moment, and then I'll take you to school Mornin', Dan Jewel, you got you another customer Just brought me mine How do you How do you feel? You go ahead and drink that That's at least my third damn cup I'm 'jangle-nerved' (sur les nerfs) already Let me go on and get shaky-handed, pop my foot on the floor like I'm a-listenin' to banjo music! Shit Al's out Out  where? Well, I don't know But I bet you a nickel has somethin' to do with Bullock takin' Hearst by the ear from Tolliver's to Utter's Depot What the fuck are you talkin' about? Anyways, here's Jewel We had been at odds but settled, Hostetler and me He'd sold me his livery, fixing to move to Oregon, pickin' up his fuckin' shotgun, the negro 'stumbled' (a trbuch) and blew his black head off! God damn it, Harry And I fear no retribution, not by my own God or any other evil emissary's dispatch from the 'bowels' (entrailles) of the earth by whatever 'bundle' (sac / paquet) of bloody fuckin' feathers and housecat teeth the nigger race 'bows down to' (s'incline / se courbe devant) My hands are fuckin' clean, and my heart is quiet Harry? Hurry up, Richardson 'Thwart' (contrecarre) that Abyssinian I don't know what you mean Any  thought he has of registerin' Bad enough we have one in help Hello Hello We can't take you My baby! Ooh! Ooh! Your baby's growed, Mama Oh, come on, come on Come on around back We'll get you into my room You're so beautiful! Oh! Did you hear, Richardson? "Beautiful.
" Yes You make clear to Tolliver you will not confide entirety and that he oughtn't to expect you ever fuckin' will is the basic foundation attitude Am I fuckin' boring you?! No Are you sure you don't want to tell me a joke or the like, or dance a quick fuckin' jig? I tell Tolliver I'm still your man and I'll never show him your fuckin' hole card Guy like Tolliver always believes he can see what you want not to show him I'm tryin' not to show your hole card That's your fuckin' act So what do I say about Bullock? What you say to Tolliver: "I know why Bullock acted, but I'm not prepared to say That's confidential and privileged between me and Mr.
Swearengen, who explained to me exactly" What'll Tolliver think off that? "This kid don't know what the fuck Bullock's doin' and Swearengen don't either But I, Cy Tolliver, 'wormed that the fuck out of him' (lui tirait les vers du nez), even though he tried not to let me.
I can handle this fuckin' piss pot" Fold your thumb, go over and fuckin' talk to him When you're done woolgathering, I'd like this sent How are you today? Well enough, Mr.
Hearst And you? Well enough What do you say of me in your paper? I have nothing to report, Sir Have you anything to give me? I have not One dollar, twenty-five cents, please Twenty-five cents increase to our rate Damn pleased we got to speak, Adams Al chose well making you his fuckin' ambassador Far as him grabbin' Hearst by the ear, how that affects yours and Mr.
Swearengen's arrangements with Hearst Fuckin' Bullock Al's got specific ideas on that And as soon as he's sure he wouldn't be unintentionally 'misleading' (tromper) you, he'll want me to confide 'em in detail Why don't you cap your visit with some complimentary higher-end pussy? Thanks anyway You know Leon here Why don't you teach him somethin' about craps Soon as I finish showin' water how to run downhill He'd have me a cur to 'paw through'(tripoter) the scraps his fuckin' 'flunky' (larbin) tosses (?) That Swearengen When here, Leon, telling me about the hobby you and Miz Ellsworth share, you walk me in Mr.
Hearst's front door and sit me the fuck down across from him at his fuckin' table God bless you, boy Thanks,.
Mr.
Tolliver I'm going to the hardware store, Charlie I hope so A little early to start drinkin' Thought I'd stick around with you Morning, Charlie Morn' Busy night last night, I hear I recall my instructions to you as bein' that anytime you and I meet, Swearengen's to be represented Heard and understood, Mr.
Hearst And I hope correctly honored in the breach in this one single instance Make your case Not to read your mind, but it seemed your idea for Swearengen and me had to do with this newer phase we're movin' into camp's official business and the like, Swearengen and me unofficially seein' to your interests Because the small-mindedness and self-interested behavior that's so 'pervasive' (envahissant) in this shithole makes impossible my efficient attention to the requirements of my operation Well, I can only imagine what that's like, Sir Man who's accomplished what you have, havin' to move among the low-rent cocksuckers and short-haulers Make your fuckin' case why you've gone against my instructions I come into a certain piece of knowledge, Sir, that could make this more a less a fuckin' company town And  my thinking was if communicatin' this privately to Mr.
Hearst risks putting me and Al Swearengen the fuck out of action as middlemen, so the fuck be it Suppose I could put the Ellsworth claim into play for you, Mr.
Hearst? How? The lady's reinvolved herself with a habit that turns a person's life upside down One of my own fuckin' employees supplies her, God help me, and that's a habit, Sir Makes a person subject to accident and mischance of every fuckin' sort, having to do especially with the ups and downs of the fucking quality of the fucking shit she's being given I wish I'd heard this yesterday I'll confide that wantin' to honor your instructions to the letter cost me 24 hours before approaching you If I had, my instructions would have had to do with bringing the inevitable about In the interval, I have suffered certain losses Oh, rest fuckin' Captain Turner's soul I'd be quiet now, Mr.
Tolliver, if I were you Losses and indignities which, despite the strong impulse of my nature towards simplicity, prompt me to a different approach Do you enjoy that, Sir? No, I don't You don't enjoy that? I don't, no And I wish you'd cut it the fuck out I not only spent last night incarcerated, I was taken to jail by the ear That fuckin' maniac Sheriff By our maniac Sheriff, that's correct And had as a cellmate or  to be fair in describing my situation, cohabitated with in the adjacent cell a 'rotting' (pourissant) corpse, whom it was the Deputy's pleasure this morning to accuse me of having murdered I'm therefore distressed and angry and I seem, for the moment, to be taking this out on your ear! But in the longer term my intentions are other, and more complicated Can we pretend the longer term's arrived, Sir? I'd have you release me, for a fucking fact Sorry Temper got the best of me Don't give it another thought, Sir Don't kill her yet I took that as your meaning Oh, you think you can shine on me like the sun? "Oh, Leon, you're good guy You put me next to the bank lady You got a great fucking future at my side" Oh, fuck you Fuck you Don't you think I know the outcome of that? Once the bank lady dies from the overdose, you've had a good fucking day, I get a quick one in the ear And of course if the day went bad, first you're calm on me for a fucking while Oh! Fuck you, rube! You clean up? Your 83 cents? Or whatever you froze your balls for all day in the fucking stream! Yeah, I'll get off right here if I want to! Don't confuse me, Mr.
T, with having no cards up my sleeve This scholar didn't raise no stupid sons Or that don't know how to navigate a tight Morning, Mrs.
Ellsworth Morning Out for a smoke Fine, Trixie My Celestial ain't in position I ain't sure when he will be Maybe you need to make a different arrangement I wonder, Leon, if we don't know approach a turn in our conversation having to do with increasing your fee If I was you, Lady, instead of cracking fucking wise I might be thinking of different ways of spending my idle time I can't help but noticing, your Celestial's not being in a position isn't reflected in your condition Yeah? I'm high and planning to stay that way not to fucking mention alive That's the last you see of me Get the fuck out of here! Leave her the fuck alone! If you would take that out of my ear, I would be happy to know what you mean I mean, if you keep selling her dope, I will fucking kill you Fine, I agree You have shown me the light I don't want to see her high again Only promise me this, you meddling cunt, if you do, before you head out to kill me, you'll ask her where she got her stuff I am no longer the lady's supplier May I go? I know Do you? Yes, your ladyship, I do And just heard from that shitbad Leon, you've got a new supplier You are quite mistaken, Trixie, and however well intended, beyond your proper province Fuck you, Mrs.
Ellsworth I am in the process of making adjustments to the complications of my situation Bullshit Do not take over-many liberties You've fallen back with a fucking child in your home I will no longer be requiring your services A lack for me How I hoped I could work here forever I give up music with my fucking I don't need any more friends than what I got And I give up clocking that cocksucker upstairs An inscrutable figure Mr.
Hearst Now what I want you to know: His first activities 'impinging on me' (me concernant) I don't hear about 'beforehand' ( l'avance) from you, I'm gonna cut your fucking throat Goodness You see that 200 I've given ya? I do, yes, at the margin of vision That argues there's a better way Take the desk Liberia He mind me here 'fore his say-so? How is he gonna mind you come see your mother? Here in your room He give me this room "You stay here, Aunt Lou.
Who says what, no Goddamn never mind to me.
" That's good then Well, well, well You've company in your room, Aunt Lou My boy, Mr.
Hearst My boy Odell Your boy? How do you do, Odell? How do you do, Sir? Where have you been, Mr.
Hearst? Let me fix you up some breakfast You  made yourself at home, Odell, here in the room I set aside for your mother I asked him in, yes, Sir Yes, Sir, that was me asked him in Well, now that your mama has invited you in, I suppose we might say 'on the spur of the moment' (sur un coup de tte), I hope that you'll accept my invitation as well as the hotel's owner and your mother's employer Please, Odell, won't you stay? I will, Sir Thank you.
Thank you for your kindness Not hungry just now, Aunt Lou Here, Al, is your answer Nor would 10 times the sum have tempted me Should have known You confirm my judgment then you were the money's source As it happens, E.
B.
, I was not I see In that case you may view my behavior as a random display of loyalty Explaining yourself offers a better chance of getting it back That money, Al, came from Tolliver Seeking knowledge, as he claimed, of such Hearst's activities as I, operating the man's hotel, might come into How could I not believe it was you orchestrating the approach as some form of test? The alternative would have Tolliver, knowing my history with you, believing nonetheless that he could approach me, 'swaying' (retourner / renverser) my loyalty as if I had no morals more than a street whore Ain't to Tolliver's standard, the baldness of it My thinking exactly The lack of prelude or prologue It's Hearst Hearst, is he Caesar, to have fights to the death for diversion? Murder his workers at 'whim' (caprice)? Smash passages in the fucking wall? A man of less wealth would be in fucking restraints We're in the presence of the new Fuck the fucking new! Jesus Christ, Al Is it over for us here? Go back to the hotel, E.
B.
Save us Think of something Have I ever not? We'll discuss that money another time There's leaving the camp No No, Ino One thing if he knew it was coming, Bill was not shy of drawing first Seth locked up Hearst instead of that Oh, I get it Wh-what does that mean? It means, Mr.
Star, after leading him by the ear through camp for all to fucking see, Seth installs Hearst in a cell adjoining a man he's had killed, that the knife still protrudes out of his chest And as much as me and Hearst conversed, I made him address my ass So do let's don't pretend Hearst will feel he was treated legal or-or-or civilized, or that his bidness with us is finished Hearst is fucking coming Bringing us back to Bill and doing unto others first Which ought maybe include a-a-a visit to Hearst's fucking diggings And his muscle you fail to murder before they arouse? You bring to chase you to camp Judas goat the cocksuckers for Swearengen's men and Tolliver's to 'mow down' (faucher / tuer) from fucking ambush while we're up seeing to Hearst There'll be nothing left of the camp Uh How much you figure will stand once Hearst had his fucking say? Truth is if I on Tolliver's instructions provide an overdose Mrs.
Ellsworth dies from, for being able to say he told me to, who does he fucking croak next? You are lethally fuckin' middled So she says, "No no, I want five 'oxen' (boeufs) and one chicken" Rube fucking humor Mr.
Tolliver Come with me, Leon Let Con calm down 'Hold off' (remet a  plus tard) Hold off? Hold the fuck off Don't fucking step up the purity Just keep selling her what you've been fucking selling It's a wise man that knows his own limits.
Now go ahead out there, son, and continue doing wrong Yes, Sir, Mr.
Tolliver Cocksucker Everything all right? Leave me alone! Ooh I wouldn't mind turning a fucking trick Get the fuck out of here! We ain't hiring Fuck you anways, Al, for not recognizing a figure of speech It ain't one you ought to employ, you stupid bitch I made a casual remark, and 'off-handed' (dsinvolte / pas mchant ?) comment I wouldn't mind turning a fucking trick Operate out of the back of his store, then you're so set on lifting your skirts Let some fuck 'filthy' (sale) from the mines, 'breath rotten' (haleine pourrie) from his broken teeth piss-reeking, shit-stinking fuck every hole in your body What's the matter with you? I lose patience with cunts too ignorant to know when their 'lots' (sort / destin) improved She's using again Who do we speak of now? The fucking Mrs.
Ellsworth And I told her I knew and that she'd ruin her child and that I quit her stupid job Oh, if that don't 'straighten her out' (remis les ides en place),I don't know fucking what What was I supposed to do then? Look after your fucking self, you loopy cunt Now get the fuck outta here! Hello Hello I thought you'd be at the bank I came away without something You might hurry not to make Sofia tardy Where did you stay? At the diggings Was Sofia upset? As you may imagine May I appeal to you to reconsider? I needn't be your husband to be what father to Sofia I can I care for you a great deal An arrangement like ours wouldn't get anymore tolerable to you And I couldn't bear it, seeing.
what you'd do to yourself You'll 'straighten around' (arranger / rsoudre, prb) if I go I can't help noticing you just now Mr.
Blazanov, uh I'm sad I see I imagine my murdered parents They were killed on their farm while I was a student in Petersburg I imagine their bodies like the man we found on our walking We are 'swept up' (balays), are we not, by the large events and forces of our times? How much they saved to send me for study I'm gonna go ahead and try this cobbler Don't think I didn't notice you hadn't tried it yet Oh, that's delicious! And praise God how fast the mails must be getting to be 'Cause it ain't a month since I wrote I keep track when I send you my letters so I know when to hope for one back And him sending for me to come here, it's 27 days since I wrote to tell you that And I just can't feature Odell all that way in Liberia, you could have gotten my letter that took the time it took to get to you and then you take passage to come back here to America, and got from New York City to hell and gone out here all in 27 days I can't feature it's possible Whoo, Praise God, Praise God! Well, Mama, maybe I set out without having the letter But then you couldn't have known I was here Couldn't have knowed it proved, you mean Would've had to took it on faith, reading in the newspaper that he was here in this place, you would be too Decided it was time There you are Here we are Odell.
I had thought to find you inside I hope you don't take me for ungrateful I have an inkling you're wise, Odell I've gotten used to being outdoors All that time at the site of the find What find do you refer to, Son? Liberia, Sir The gold Invite you now to sit down with him to eat "Sit across from me and have dinner, Odell" That before you said Gold, fire's in his eyes you was anyplace indoors at all Gold seemed to change his mind Don't you want to say "Yes, Ma'am" or "Yes, Mama," before that or after, Odell, so my heart feels how sweet you are? No, ma'am Make me know you sweet, God-fearing and truthful like I wanted my boy to be Back from where you send him, raising up to a man, safe amongst his own Liberiafree Free? Shit Don't you speak to me thatta way! What way mama? Use language like that to me! No kinda truth? Yes, Ma'am.
Liberia free Praise Jesus Here come the spirit over me Don't you take him in vain Don't you dare to do it! All right All right What was the truth of it then? Liberia? No field work African niggers for that Now they lazy and stupid, Mama American niggers steal off the African, till the English cheat us out of it Hot till you can't breathe Nothing ever be dry Hate the air Hate the breathing in and out Liberia Is there gold, Odell? A rich find, Mama.
Rich.
Praise God He give his son for our sins and Mr.
Hearst to help us Where are you going, boy? Find a place where a nigger can have a drink, before he sits down with Mr.
Hearst Putting that dead one's 'kidneys' (reins) up his nose, however the fuck else they summon up their demons Beat 'thighbones' (fmurs) on 'tin pans' (casseroles / poles en tain) shake and 'rattle' (agiter) and hop the fuck around Another? Am I 'swine' (lit : porc / pourceau, ici : salaud) , Harry, that in an otherwise empty joint the owner must make a show of relocating further away from me? Maybe it's you being present keeps away the broader clientele And maybe, Tom, it's the chill in here is what does it, when every edifice else in camp's been swanked up and seen to Look inward, why don't you? Instead of always blaming the other Welcome to the Number 10 My name is Tom Harry'll take your order His name is Steve Whiskey Afternoon Where is my dinner companion? I don't know where that boy's got to, Sir I guess we all have different ideas, Aunt Lou, of what constitutes punctuality Guess everybody do about everything, Sir Look like more and more that's true Why don't I go find him? You don't believe he's forgotten? I don't know no more, Sir Let me just get past you What if he returns and you're still gone? Who'll serve dinner? I'm getting past you Mr.
Hearst, please do excuse Where's the livery at? I'm not assuming you know left from right, or I'd have spoken I've never done that sober in my life Pissed yourself? And if account of the 'mishap' (msaventure) circulates, I will know the fucking source Who could I tell? I'd ve never known it had happened if you hadn't started screaming about it Pissing yourself at the grave of your best friend and most admired person you've ever known, that ain't cause for fucking 'dismay' (consternation / dsarroi) ? Bible instructs us when two of different races return from a graveyard together, the event should be marked with liquor Praise God! Thank you, Jesus I come looking for you, that cooked for you and your friend as was strangers to me What's your trouble? Save my boy, Sir That's past his mother's lap Yeah How are your spirits, Chief? All right Do not bullshit me, Dan! The task I'd assign you is pivotal I'm all right And leave the matter at that? Well what the fuck else would you want me to say? Nothing.
You gave me the basis to decide I'm not fuckin' sending you anywhere Well, fuck where you were gonna send me! And fuck the task you were gonna assign me to do! And that confirms my opinion, that indifferent 'rejoinder' (rplique) I'm 'on the verge of' (sur le point de) 'stiking you a fucking blow' (coller une mandale ?) Oh, which I would be inclined to absorb as proof you'd passed the killing of that giant Which I have been waiting for you to volunteer Then why didn't you just ask me to volunteer it? Because opinion solicited does not equal one freely voiced This is what I predicted to Johnny, virtually word for word About what? How you'd react to that killing "Dan, Johnny, does not like killing to end a fair fight.
" "Oh, why, Al?" Asked Johnny "Because - and I fucking have to explain to him - " it's more like a contest, Johnny, or the like, a 'bout' (combat).
" Seeing a light go out of their eyes In the one you had left in its socket Better in his one than the both of yours, hmm? I'd have you go to Cheyenne to see to the hiring of guns All right Wishing an alternative would come to me Want me go to Bismarck? An alternative to the hiring of guns, Dan Yeah, Hearst's pockets are bigger than ours Being neighbor to his prick, which Bullock may as well have 'belittled' (rabaiss) when grabbing him by his fucking ear Do you feature the Nigger General getting my boy to take that money? No man better for the task That Little Nigger General has a gift Gets you to an attitude he'd have you and goes about his business Leaves you to stand in wonderment.
"What happened to change my mood?" Or change my opinion or decision, take money maybe I never featured I would, come fire or flood or the like That's the Little Nigger General all over I pray Jesus you're right Oh, having no pull in that quarter, I'm tolerable confident, I am Could I have a 'swig' (lampe)? Now that is the first giant step towards long-term understanding and friendship Do not employ a mug 'lest' (de peur que) next 'we'd be donning' (nous devions revtir) white 'gloves' (gants) All right then Yes yes yes Yeah, there's a new house policy now at the Number 10 Saloon: Anyone at all can drink or move in and take up residence, for all the fuck the policy cares Ain't meaning to be here long Ain't looking to drink All's I'm here for, Steve, is to talk to this here Gentleman Go ahead and do 'somersaults' (culbutes) or peel bananas with each other for all I give a fuck The whole place has gone to shit anyhow What could we have to talk about? Your Mama did me a kindness and she asked me to talk to you I guess I also got to tell you she give me $742 to give to you if you just get the hell out of camp What's your name? Nigger General Samuel Fields Now my plan I got 1200 left to me by a tall nigger who,after he sold his fucking livery to Steve there, blew his fucking head off past that $742 in my pocket that I'm trying to give you, my plan is get to San Francisco, buy enough white pussy to stretch from the harbor to the closest rooming house that'll have me and then fuck my way to the pacific ocean She said that, uh, she sent you away Mmm, not far Fucking Africa Damn.
What'd you say made her mad? Called her Mama So now you want to run a little something on her boss, which would be a waste of that high yellow skin, Odell We done talking, Samuel All yours The nigger I appointed to dine with does not appear As well, since his mother's not here to serve us What do you know of last night? My stomach hurt I was discomfited otherwise Stupid, aren't you? Yes, Sir Better than what some of these others are This place displeases me I'm taking measures to bring it down All right Does he speak of the hotel? Or even more? That they're armed and awake don't have to mean they're fucking hired Yeah, and when I feel a shit coming on I'll remember to drop my pants The obvious merits utterance Character is fucking pertinent If I'm to go, I'd as soon get started before the darkness Going means the darkness is upon us Bullock Could him and me talk? Sure.
Converse amongst yourselves Charlie Utter thinks it has to come to blood Charlie Utter's likely right And if it has to, that we should strike first Believe me, even now in the forest, the blade would be between my teeth, me and you making our way stealthily forward And as to us and him, if blood's what it finally comes to, 'Dewy' (rose) morning's lost its appeal for me I prefer to wake indoors.
Dan! You don't travel tonight! Come Need of canned peaches, Johnny Let's collect the camp elders Be baffled among friends, huh? I tried, Miss Lady No.
No, no Gentlemen Mr.
Hearst Odell! Odell! Hello, Mr.
Hearst Who's the new nigger? Fucking late, son Oh, sorry, Sir Your Mama's tardy as well Is that so? That's all right, we'll await her speaking of gold Oh, that'd be just wonderful, Sir How's the finger?! All right, Mr.
Hearst How's the fucking ear? Good, Bullock, good By dissembling our feelings we keep the strategic edge You don't get him You don't take him from me Oh no You don't get him You don't take him from me Not quick, but she does seem full of purpose People are fucking people, and that is fucked up! You don't know what the fuck I'm talking about, 'cause you don't know people I know people and I know the way they fucking operate Who are you talking to, Jane? What business or concern is that of yours? I wondered where you were I'd hoped you come stay with me instead of going back to all this Whatever you mean by this, I have been recently engaged in complicated negotiations with niggers who equal any other creature walking upright being able to fuck themselves up I got myself a room at Shaunessey's The offer still stands, Jane I'd really like it if you'd come stay with me I am a creature of habit and routine And I am a creature of difficulty falling asleep If I don't mind pissing myself to stay asleep, I'm not likely to destroy a habit routinely sleeping someplace completely elsewhere Come on, Jane.
We're going You ain't got the fucking manpower to pull my ass up Come on You're putting yourself very much in danger, my friend Very very very ver very very much in danger That's all right, Jane Come on

--- S03E07 ---
" Unauthorized Cinnamon " He's gone up with your son Wants notice when you're ready to serve I knocked holes in these walls Confinement gives me 'the fidgets' (agitation / mouvements incontrls) Set yourself up comfortable Let me confide as well, Odell, that when people only say to me with other words what I have just said to them, I quickly grow impatient All right, Sir Tell me about the gold  I will, Sir what little I know to say, hoping you will learn me the rest This is what they call an 'assay' (test de qualit d'un mtal) and metallurgist report Yes, I've heard of those Sit down, boy.
Sit down "Third Baptist Congregation, Monrovia Settlement" The congregation has title to the find And how are you connected to the congregation? Odell : I'm First 'Deacon' (diacre : juste en dessous du prtre dans la hirarchie de l'glise) , Sir Hearst : I see Congratulations Being you were known to me through my mama's letters, Odell : when the proposals started to come to us-- Hearst : Proposals? The different English proposals From Great Britain, you mean? To develop the find, yes, Sir I was sent to ask if you'd guide us Does your congregation conceive some sort of a partnership, Odell? However you thought we should do I do take in partners with the understanding that in dealing with the color, mine is the deciding voice Dealing with the color, Sir? The gold securing and exploiting the gold Do you want to see the gold now, Sir? Do you want to show it to me? They give it to me to show you, Sir Suppose we oughtn't let the congregation down I can't imagine your mother's not nearly prepared our supper What do you think of the gold? It makes me hungry, Odell Harry should be at the meeting I ain't saying he shouldn't I wasn't told to invite him Candidate for public office Please 'convey' (transmets) to Al that short of being forbidden, I intend to bring Harry with me I'll convey that word for word And what would be my position? Oughtn't I attend as the livery's new owner? Hostetler never attended Prior to blowing off his fucking head, Hostetler was a nigger Last I looked I'm white! True, as, uh, far as it goes I can abstain from attending if that closes the can of peas Oh, uh uh, you are a candidate for public office with a chance to put the fire wagon on the table If it's a question of room, shove two fucking tables together! Room is not the issue, Steve, if you have to see my down card I do not 'vouch for you' (me porter garant pour toi), nor presume to bring you uninvited, as I do Harry, because you are not the same quality person Meaning I'm not fanatic for fucking fire wagons like Harry and all the other five-year-olds Anyways I've still got the doc to invite Is this the quickest way to the cabin here Tell Al add and extra peach dish Can you certify the purity of your blood, Steve? I only ask because your nose is 'broad' (large) Take your 'apron' (tablier) off, and consider changing your shirt, which I fucking suggested yesterday Will you mind very much if we have our dinner quickly? Camp business, Dear? Come to cases.
I will get sent to hire guns quick time, bouncing in the fucking 'saddle' (selle) and 'howling' (beuglant) at every Goddamn 'hoof-fall' (coup de sabot?), I put out 'cinnamon' (canelle) Where? The meeting table On whose instruction? Cinnamon's good with peaches Do not put unauthorized cinnamon on the Goddamn meetin' table That's all the fuck we need It's available as a choice Which is not your province to offer, Jewel Well, if food's not my province, then you can make your own fucking breakfast I had best not come out of this Goddamn kitchen and find Goddamn cinnamon on the fucking meeting table! 'Leg up' (en filant) to Cheyenne by now, I'd be heading there in a civilized fucking 'gait' (dmarche) Doc! Johnny Burns, Doc! You remember you, you come to that that meeting before to set the pest tent up and the like? And E.
B.
was made Mayor? Hey,  Doc You can't talk? Anyway, Al's got another one of them meetings You can't come? Jesus, Doc All right, all right I'll tell him you can't come Anyway, look, I hope--I hope you feel better My best efforts, Odell, do not yet persuade your mother to be indifferent to the opinions of others If it's all right with you, Mr.
Hearst, it's all all right with me This looks wonderful, Mama Thank you I suppose you've told your mama about being First Deacon of your congregation in Liberia I haven't yet had the chance to give her the news Does your congregation have no 'strictures' (limitations / dsapprobations), Odell, against its Deacon drinking? It does, yes, Sir Yet the smell of liquor's on your breath Do I mistake? No, Sir, Mr.
Hearst, you don't Did you have one drink of liquor, Odell, from nervousness about our talk? I admit I did, Sir, yes Did  you drink on the ship from Liberia? No, Sir Or coming overland from New York? No, Sir, Mr.
Hearst Would the liquor I smell then be the first you've ever consumed? I've had some before, Sir Prior to becoming Deacon of the Third Baptist of Monrovia or after? I guess a little of both Showing gold thousands of miles from its 'purported' (prtendue) source to authenticate a find, I would associate less with our savior's (sauveur) qualities of character, than Adam's, or someone pretending to his innocence Before he met the serpent Hmm The combative note in that pleases me, Odell, as against what till now has seemed 'haphazard' (dsordonn) and 'sloven' (nglig) and 'slipshod' (ngligent) in your approach to 'fleecing' (voler / escroquer) me My mistake was thinking that you'd want your niggers praising Jesus What the hell are we talking about this for? Did the assay make sense or not? Ten dollars'll buy a report that proves a find of pure ore in your ass, Odell I guess that's why I didn't figure till you'd had someone over there, we'd be drawing up any papers Figured this'd be a getting-to-know-each-other conversation, seeing  if we'd want to go any further Far as I'm concerned, we don't Calm down Now just calm down, son If I have mistook you in some regard, you'll find I'm man enough to apologize Now, just sit down, we'll finish our meal, and then maybe afterwards we'll take in the camp and, if you have any vices beyond your drinking, I might even offer you a cigar How's he doing? 'Holding his fucking own' (il tient bon / il se dbrouille) Then I asked, "What good am I to myself or the camp standing sentinel over a coffee pot?" Was why I cam home I wish you wouldn't smoke in here I wish, when asleep, you wouldn't snore and fucking 'fart' (pter) I have no choice about either of those If I extinguish this fucking cigarette, it'll be in the middle of your fucking forehead Ah I'm glad she fucking fired me I hate that fucking bank It's the context, I think, that disturbs you, that she's back to using dope Yes yes! That she's back on the dope disturbs me And why, even as we speak, your own life 'hangs by a fucking thread' (ne tient qu' un putain de fil) What's to become of that child? Johnny Burns, Mr.
Star! What is it? Well, Al's called a meeting like the ones you've come to before Does Sheriff Bullock know? Well, seemed to me they halfway called it together All right, I'm coming Uh, if you ain't get dessert yet, don't All right Al's broke out the canned peaches All right The Bullock's could take her Or we could You'd have us care for a child? Now more than previously, Sofia, Mr.
Ellsworth will spend time at the diggings Did he not come home last night? I'm not sure, Darling Possibly he did not And maybe that's why you didn't waken I didn't feel his beard Possibly that's why But he will be seeing you And everything will be all right I gave him a 'foolproof' (infaillible) fucking approach to 'wind up' (en finir) with that woman's claim, and I could have been shit drawing flies Hearst is that fucking focused on Bullock pulling his ear Yeah All collected but Doc Where the fuck is he? He ain't up to it, he says Uh, cinnamon's out for the peaches Huh? That wasn't my fucking doing Giving Hearst, Bullock is the only move that don't end with the camp in flames And that one only gets us up to 50-50 It sounds as if Cochran's turned face to the wall His fucking lungs There's quite a falling off among the other 'sawbones' (chirurgien ?) in camp We might put notice in the eastern papers Once we've ceased our 'weeping' (pleurnichage) Had he known our 'might' (force) and 'guile' (ruse), Hearst would have never left the Comstock Earnie, you got credit for a free tug (branlette?) tomorrow.
Let's go I'll spank it myself Just watch me You'll spank it in front of a Goddamn mule team Sirs, if I might explain In my vision, I 'leapt' (saute/bondis) from the coach and straight come to see him Al's got a meeting tonight, Gustave You can tell him your vision tomorrow Mr.
Swearengen! It's just as I imagined! I have something so important to give to you What? You mustn't ask me what And you mustn't ask me why You must go fuck yourself And don't speak disgusting to me or answer for Mr.
Swearengen what is a very important answer Let me know when Bullock arrives Ah Oh, Tom Nuttall's coming and he's bringing Harry Manning Bullock! Guess if you've got a pussy, even owning a bank don't get you to that table Jesus Christ, easy easy easy easy There'll be conversations left and right Don't get too far up there on the fucking 'wrist' (poignet) Do  you want to use the sponge? That's not the fucking point You just not be starting length and breadth conversations throughout the fucking camp or territory or so on Or do I suppose now I take off my fucking undershirt or the like and show my tits 'and so forth' (et ainsi de suite) !? I'll leave you to wash that part Who the fuck am I fucking kidding or putting on airs in front of? I been disrobed in front of every 'barnyard' (basse-cour) creature that 'hunts' (chasse) or 'pecks' (picore) or rolls in the fucking 'mud' (boue) Who the fuck should I have shyness before or pride or the like, for Christ's sake? What difference does it make? What the fuck do I have to be ashamed of at this late fucking date? Who cares anyway?! Now go ahead and sponge my fucking tits and get it over with if that's what you fucking do It's nothing like that, Jane Well, what's it like then I never had a sister I had two And I slept with both of 'em I don't know why God let me or if he forgives me when I pray, but but I'd never hurt you, Jane, or touch you if you didn't want I believe that But I don't want to open my eyes But you can go ahead and kiss me if that's what you fucking do What possesses me to buy all of these swatches? Even though I have no reason why I should! Because who back at that camp would wear suits of such colors? But  I have learned sometimes if you have a thing, the reason for the thing is that you have it! And when I am in New York City, I have a letter from a friend In the news from the camp, he says, And Mr.
Swearengen has lost the top part of his middle finger to an accident some kind" And I say, "I will take these swatches to Mr.
Swearengen," And, "I like the look of his vest when he is out in the morning, out on the balcony, drinking his coffee, and he is very much a handsome man at those times, and maybe he would like one for his 'stump' (moignon) Or maybe more a different swatch for every day, why not?" Give me your stump Don't think about it.
Just give it to me Now this corner of the swatch we pretend is the lost child The little boy goes up the mountain, around the bend, always looking for mama And where does he finally find her? Where? Here she is! Here's mama! Wrapping herself around you tight tight tight Mama's got you little Al Everything's all right! I like that color very very much Do you? Please God, come in Bullock Thank you, Gustave Please leave Before the color, no white man no man of any 'hue' (teinte) moved to civilize or improve a place like this had reason to make the effort The color brought commerce here, and such order as has been attained Yes, sir Do you want to help Liberia, Odell? I want to help myself If Liberia is where my chance is, it's all right with me Gold is your chance Thank you, Sir Gold is every man's opportunity Why do I make that argument? Because every defect in a man and in others' way of taking him, our agreement that gold has value gives us power to rise above Fond as you are of my mother, without that gold I showed you, I don't expect we'd be out here talking That is correct And, for your effrontery at our meal a moment ago I'd have seen you shot or hanged without second thought The value I gave the gold restrained me, you see your utility in connection to it And because of my gold, those at the other tables deferred to my restraint Gold confers power Power comes to any man who has the color Even if he's black? That is our species' hope: That uniformly agreeing on its value, we organize to seek the color Just before you and I met, Odell, the camp's Sheriff released me from a jail cell That's hard for me to feature I hate these places, Odell, because the truth that I know, the promise that I bring, the necessities I'm prepared to accept make me 'outcast' (paria) Isn't that foolish? Isn't that foolishness? And old man disabused long ago of certain 'yearnings' (dsirs) and hopes as to how he would be held by his fellows, and yet I 'weep' (pleure) Anyway, Sir, you want to send someone back with me? Yes, I do Yes, I do, son I want to send you to help your people and take this place down like Gomorrah All being affected, we might consider some facts as a group I arrested Hearst, acting in the name of the camp Without the camp's previous fucking say-so Do you propose that? Getting a say-so before I do my duty? Might be a good open showing Hearst it's off of him Bullock's tin won't 'placate' (apaiser) Hearst Give it the fuck back to him Add to your statement or shut the fuck up I'm done Shall I, as Mayor initiate proceedings by giving my own opinions, however titular and insubstantial and merely honorific the position? Which argues against my doing so How is Hearst likely to answer? Ought steps to be taken in preemption? My instinct's to act alone, 'chart the course' (tracer le cours) for fucking carnage That this would be general among 'em whose parents were so dim as to bring them the fucking innocents is what give me fucking pause I invite the suggestions of others against my instinct to send for the guns As I've expressed to the Sheriff and Mr.
Star, and siding with your instincts, to protect the innocents, I'd send them from the camp Then fall on Hearst and his in their lair before they fall on us in ours As Wild Bill would have done This is a letter Who's the fucking letter to? What the fuck is going on? Last of those Cornishmen murdered Pasco His family Read the letter "It becomes my painful duty to inform you that Pasco Carwen was killed Dan : Stop poking your head out Merrick : earlier this week Jewel : I'm seeing who's using the cinnamon, and Harry Manning is using it plenty Merrick : His body was found in the road a short time after.
" It was not mutilated in any way His death seems to have been instantaneous as he was stabbed through the heart Pasco's funeral occurred today and was attended by coworkers and friends who all shared the same high opinion of him Everything  was done by kind hands that was possible under the circumstances, and a Christian burial was given him I was not personally acquainted with Mr.
Carwen, 'save' (sauf) for one 'encounter' (rencontre) where he demonstrated grief and deep compassion at the passing of a friend I knew him by reputation as an 'earnest' (srieux) worker and a diligent believer in right and wrong His memory I am sure will always be with those who knew and loved him, among whose number I imagine you as first A letter from you which I found in his tent causes me to convey this sad intelligence to you Sincerely yours, Seth Bullock" What shall I do with this, Mr.
Bullock? What's your fucking paper for? You fucking publish as witness, for Hearst and others to read That's a very nice fucking letter Mr.
Blazanov, had you much traffic tonight on your apparatus? Some traffic, yes I hope your important meeting had a good result As free men facing important challenges, we choose to be optimistic Sir, I ask you to take me to Mr.
Swearengen's place Well, I I will, of course, Mr.
Blazanov, though no activity you may contemplate, for example, the making of friends with is female employees, requires Mr.
Swearengen's personal approval I wish to see him for another purpose All right Shall we go now? Certainly Come on Lovely letter, wasn't it? Didn't you come back sick from one of them meetings? Last year, from the peaches Which is why I refrained this time around Far as the fire wagon, I hater you felt as I did, the moment was wrong to broach it My my throat is all fucking tight Where did you lay your hands on liquor, Harry? Harry? Help! Harry? Harry! Help! Oh.
Look, Jack White lumps on my tongue Reel it in, for God's sake I'm so sorry It's close, Jack It's very close I feel it's icy breath I hear it whispering in my ear "Forget your name We go to black" The downstairs buffet is quite passable As like to kill you as take passage with you to Liberia, his man you meeting in New York If Mr.
Hearst wanted me killed, Mama, he could see it done here Don't you ever believe you know what'd please that man, or salt him to come after you And you look a fool holding that cigar! I've played on for smaller 'stakes' (enjeux) And the gold ain't playing I ain't trying to steal nothing I'll work my way up the hog And ain't you sent me out there so I can turn out a man? I sent you so the hell that was coming here for niggers wouldn't burn you up There's plenty of fire in Liberia I can't undo what I done, Odell, any more than you can, searching out hurt I ain't searching no hurt out We all get our portion We don't need to draw it to us You hear me, Mama? I ain't searching no Goddamn hurt out I don't told you to mind who you talking to All right, Mama No bad language If you'd kept me to raise me, maybe I'd know He got $742 for you, the little nigger at the livery And this brooch here too, you can take I can't find it I can't find it Lord Jesus, forgive me! When I read you had stayed in the Comstock, I tried to come here quick, be gone before he sent for you to come I ain't come here to hurt you I never said you come to do me hurt So's you wouldn't have to see me I prayed to see you every day you was gone My God, Odell, what's wrong with you? No joy to seeing my boy! I'm sorry, son Hush, Mama.
Hush Hush Oh, do what you think you got to I couldn't find the right Hush now, Mama.
Hush I got you now "Bricks.
" You see there? Yes, I see "Bricks Stop Addition to initial order.
Stop First means of delivery.
Stop And, Blazanov? Do you believe, Mr.
Swearengen, Mr.
Hearst orders more bricks? No What do you believe? I believe he orders more humans Reinforcements To do harm! As we saw on our walk Leave to die in a country strange to them, men apart from their families, working to give them support Fuck confidentiality of communications Why not fuck a woman instead? I hope so eventually Now I deliver under seal his message to Mr.
Hearst I'll dispose of this, Blazanov How are you occupying yourself, Richardson? I'm praying the meeting went well Very touching Now clear your mind of the meeting and account for the negro with Hearst They're both in her room Despite your best efforts, Richardson, an answer of some ambiguity Is she with them? One One what? Of them Is with her Who? Aunt Lou Who is with Aunt Lou? Her son And where is Hearst? His room Then I will retire to mine Well, how was the meeting? I imagine the pool that spawned you I am filling it with rocks I am holding shut your 'gills' (branchies) To prevent you from taking in air I suppose the meeting went quite well 'I itch' (a me dmange) Dust No matter how much regularity of cleaning or consideration for the children, a place like this is filled with dust He's dead Chesterton is with us still, though to bring him in the evening chill would be imprudent We'll bring him tomorrow When this room is less cold After the children have gone and before you bring him, I will give the place a good dust Then the carpentry will begin You've engaged the carpenters? Yes.
He is close to the end, isn't he? Yes, Bellegarde! For Christ's sake! Haunted 'Drafts' (courants d'air) from all over From the walls, from the side, 'swooping down from the ceiling' (descendant en piqu du plafond) I will dust anyway for Chesterton, even though after, the carpenters come Uh, the attitude on people leaving definitely stepped forward from the attitude they wore coming in I mean, no one's trying to 'quarrel' (se quereller) about that Then what's your quarrel? I'm asking what was decided They're publishing the letter as witness Witness? A witness in the sense that Witness the letter its content Yeah, the letter's contents is witness that Bullock wrote a nice fucking letter And it proves that that's the sort we are here, the caring sort that would write a letter 'of that ilk' (de cet acabit) Furthermore, we don't give a fuck who knows it, George fucking Hearst included Fucking Hearst especially Is the witness? Better late than fucking never, Johnny Hey! Little Miss fucking cinnamon I wanna be good I wanna be good Good evening Good evening For being gone, I I notice I'm frequently back I come to kiss her good night I tried to persuade her you'd done so last night My beard always wakes her She said so, refuting me The thing I did that made you leave last night, the thing I was coming home to do again I pray now 'to forego forever' (y renoncer  jamais) Not having me in this house is gonna improve your 'odds' (chances) I started using spirits at 17, Ellsworth, with no premonition we'd marry Well, my feeling's that being vessel of purposes not your own, your eye was out for relief But glimpsing since how being your own vessel is preferable, let the pressure come off and you're liable to do all right You are no pressure My friendly hands'll always be out to both of you May I interrupt her sleep with this beard? She'd be so glad if you did Yes Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph Yes, all right Evening Telegram for Mr.
Hearst Ah, thank you I wonder if you might remain just a moment while I read it, on the chance I'll want to answer Of course "Additional 'shipment' (cargaison) of bricks.
" Yes, Sir Yeah, this is fine This is fine There'll be no answer This is $20, Sir It's all right, son Thanks for doing your job well You're most welcome John Langrishe, Al Come one, Jack Early finish below? We'd a meetin' I ought to have asked you too What topic commended my presence? 'Reprobates' (mcrants)? The elderly? Fuckin' Hearst that took an axe to my left middle digit, sends for 25 more thugs to take the tool to the whole fucking camp Why am I fucking optimistic? Did your meeting find a strategy in counterpoise? We heard the fucking reading of a letter Ahh Writ by Bullock, to a miner's family after Hearst had had him murdered Exhorting they charge Hearst with the crime? Never once mentioning Hearst Expressing sympathy to the family, respect for the way the man lived We decided Merrick would publish in the paper Strategy some may call ingenuous, others merely off the point I sit mystified I was moved to 'endorse' (approuver) it Mystified, Al, at proclaiming a law beyond law to a man who's beyond law himself? It's publication invoking a decency whose 'scrutiny' (examen) applies to him as to all his fellows I call that strategy 'cunningly' (astucieusement) sophisticated, 'befitting' (qui sied / seyante) and 'becoming the man' (convenable/biensante, pr l'homme) who sits before me Open the place back up! Tell the whores if their legs ain't in the air, they'd better be off their asses! So what progress in your affairs? Our opening is delayed And old man is dying one of my actors.
And I'm sad Oh perhaps just the one In? 'Folded up' (se pliait) on the 'boardwalk' (promenade) beside me like a Goddamn accordion So you've remarked I believe I'll take my leave You're 'wheezing bad' (respirer avec peine) as me, Doc.
Did you get cinnamon too? 'Lest' (de peur, que/de) I distract from the business at hand by requesting a fucking drink! Have you adverse reactions to other food or condiments, Harry? 'Eggplant' (aubergine) 'shreds the roof of my mouth' (mets en lambeau mon palais) if it's any of your fucking business Irratability at the 'bowel' (intestin), we know you suffer from You're all right Don't eat cinnamon anymore Or eggplant? Not if it shreds your mouth Hope you don't mind my 'absconding' (fuite/disparition) with you from your cabin, Doc No Campaigning any threat to Harry's health? How was the meeting? Oh, it was all right Um, needless to say, we missed you I am so glad your mother isn't alive to see you in this condition Doc, get up here Not tonight Tonight.
Now Leave your kit I'll have Johnny go get it I'm not gonna leave my fucking kit I wonder what you think you're fucking doing I'm laying down before I leave in the morning I will ask the questions here! This is my place Do you think it's yours? It is not It is mine, bought and paid for And if I wanted to shit this instant in the middle of this stable, no man, black or white, could gainsay me! You've already fucked a horse Nor will I 'stoop' (m'abaisser) to explaining the mistake in that statement, to a nigger lemur or some other small form of monkey Where are you going in the morning? West San Francisco I'm hoping that chestnut's owner might go with me The demon nigger that appeared at the bar The very same I don't suppose knowing I'd be vigilant against theft and intolerant to tardiness you'd be inclined to stay on and work here No Nor would I want to fucking have you! And do not come and try to murder me as I sleep! And I will not come and try to murder you Black fucking bastard What did you want? Fucking sick, I'm told I have a chest cold You're a 'lunger' (tuberculeux pulmonaire) Fucking samples, Doc Notions from that tailor as to how we cover my stump I've believed for the last dozen years that disease is airborne, and I won't make others sick No one gets out alive, Doc Jesus Christ! The fucking 'gimp' (boteuse) finds something useful to do in the fucking 'brace' (attelle) you made her! Do you think you could treat being Johnny always struggling to fashion a thought?! Every fucking night I, that could cut a throat but sleep the sleep of the just, spend six fucking wakings trying to find a piss pot with my dribble, and wondering when I got to be so old Pick a fucking 'swatch' (chantillon) for a 'spit rag' (torchon  crachats), use the others for masks, and go about your fucking business! I ain't learning a new Doc's 'quirks' (manies) !

--- S03E08 ---
" Leviathan Smiles " "The latest news" I fail to understand, if I who am most effect am not disturbed, why you should be Perhaps I'm disturbed by a reason different from what you believe Forgive me then for believing the one you've given I disapprove of changing from day to day when the school is to be relocated Speak to the theater people then What disturbs me is your accepting the uncertainty without quarrel For whatever reason, the theater people keep deferring their moving in I don't want the children to feel they're leaving vacant what has been their place of education I want them to leave it as a place with new life Fine, Martha What good would quarreling with them do? Fine It seems you waked intent we quarrel Nor, may I say, claiming you were pleased with the outcome of your meeting with the other men of the camp, did you retire last night with your customary sweetness Do please then forgive me, for Christ's sake Do please forgive me Mornin' How did Hearst take the letter? I don't know.
Is the paper even out yet? Guess you don't fuckin' know much.
Do you, Sol? I guess I don't You want to fight? Whoo! Whoo Hold on! Whoa! Road agents! Ambushed us a couple of miles out! Anyone hurt ? Cocksucker dropped a tree across the road We just come up on it and they started shootin' from the fuckin' 'ridgeline' (ligne de crte d'une colline) Would have lost the 'strongbox' (coffre-fort) sure, Sheriff, not for them there that laid down rifle fire as covered us Whoo! Fuck me! Holy fuck Holy fuck, right, Wyatt? I'd like to buy you both a fucking drink That's a big fucking yes from the both of us You hit anyone? No, we were just trying to drive 'em off, Sheriff How many were there? Two or three I heard one of 'em shout like you winged 'em They was 'dodging' (se planquer) behind 'stumps' (souches d'arbres) and making for cover Hey! Why don't you go in there and get drunk with them, let the Sheriff and I finish out talk? All right Little brother's got me for a hero What's your name? I'm Wyatt, and going in there to get drunk is Morgan -- Earp I was a lawman in Dodge City, before that in Wichita But I ain't looking for none of that here What are you looking for? We got a timber lease You and your brother? What's your name? Seth Bullock How do you do? There is a fella that wants to buy you a drink.
Over at the Gem All right Shall I authorize a watering and feeding of these gentlemen's horses, Sheriff? As Mayor? As a gesture from the camp? One at a timelest they drag you to a deserved 'demise' (mort) Ugh, fuck! It's me, Jane.
If you want the bed, I'm leaving Don't go nowhere on my account.
I'm a fuckin' floor sleeper anyway Wanna find fruit for the schoolchildren's morning snack Uh, I'm up, I'm up, I'm up.
I'll get the hell out of here Why not stay? I got errands all morning myself If you just heard me fart, excuse me Will you come back later? UhMaybe, maybe It's 'heads or tails' (pile ou face) where any fuckin' day will take me I'll not have vile affections or uncleanness 'on these premises' (dans ces lieux)! Find my specific meaning at Romans I:24 through 6- Fuck yourself with a fist punch up your ass, today, at the present moment I gotta go I'm moving outta that fucking place Not me.
Not me.
I never fuckin' moved in And verses following Don't think you was offered a job here last night 'Gauging' (valuant) the fucking level you'd fucking presume to was all that was Maybe you declined 'cause you thought you ought to be partners in the fuckin' business, name on the signage like a human's or God hadn't set man apart from the fucking beasts! I got an errand, then I'm going to San Francisco We will never be equal, sign or fucking no And if I agreed to your name on the signage, we would know the fucking truth still Fucking Nigger Bastard! Assuming to leave without my consent Not without a fucking 'saddle' (selle), he won't Not if I hide his fucking saddle till he reveals fucking Hostetler's nigger voodoo ciphering methods So accounts ain't constantly to be carried around in the man's mind till he lives in terror of taking a drink! Implying  what by that fucking lordly look? That he'll 'outflank' (contourner / djouer) my tactics buying a new fucking saddle? Then I don't suppose you'll mind the improved fucking strategy involves you coming 'unshod' (dferr) behind Now give me a fucking hoof Yeah.
There we go That's right 'Harp' (rabcher /renacler) and fucking criticize until there's a fucking solution 'in the offing' (en vue), and then become fucking obstinate Now, for the last fucking time, give me a fucking hoof Come sneaking up like an 'Injun' (peau rouge) Can't wait on your boy no longer, Miss Lady Bow on that money is the same one you tied I'm grateful you waited on him as long as you did It ain't being none of my business gonna stop me from asking how your boy's talk with Hearst went Odell gonna meet up with in New York City with a man works for Mr.
Hearst Go back with him to Liberia Ah Odell say if Mr.
Hearst wanted, he'd harm him here, get to see the hurt he done Well, your water broke open a damn smart nigger, didn't it, Aunt Lou? You think there's sense to that? More than I've made since I've learned to talk No place I guess you can hide a child from danger If I knew, I'd keep that spot for myself And can I fix you something to take away? Something  with meat and heat to it Come on, stand next to me Here, let me get that for you Thank you, Sir Myself and him over there, my strong right arm, along with Tom Nuttall that runs the Saloon No.
10, was the first operators in this here camp So Turned the first card, sold the first booze and 'snatch' (pussy : chatte) Road agents, story goes, don't work these hills but by my leave Which if that's true, explains why I'm fucking interested in what you're telling So So go the fuck ahead and tell me then Me and my brother happened along and we 'balked' (repousser) some unknown parties who was having a few shots at the stage That's all Ears flat back to the head, nose without 'boils' (furoncles), fucking modest A proper hero, Dan.
How many unknown parties? Uh, two or maybe three At what remove from you? A hundred feet and more Describe 'em Nah, they broke off We returned fire Describe  'em My meaning would be them firing, I didn't get a good fucking look at them I'd also say you're fucking free with your reprehending tone Drink? All right My opinion, may come out of vanity, your 'tale'(histoire) is full of shit I say, or else I'd have known of 'em, there was no road agents I sayto make a hero's entrance into camp, you and your friend kicked up dust, 'whooped' (pousser des cris de joie) and 'hollered' (brailler) and played all the parts yourselves Who is that with you? It's my brother.
This was my idea Any others? Not brothers, ideas how to pass your time in camp I got a timber lease to work Come by how? Cards, last night in Custer City Small chance that you want to explore options to working your lease, anyone hires your gun, you report to me I'll double what they're paying you But your story ought be true, you understand? I'll test the sense of it, that knows more of this place and I guess every other than you do If you choose to fell the timber, 'axes' (haches), 'wedges'' (cales?), 'block and tackle' (palan) Sheriff has at the hardware store All right You figure Hearst will take a run at him? Hmm Good cooking, big-hearted fat lady presiding over my rest, I wouldn't be headed for San Francisco She'd probably know what I'm talking about how the wicked live And are always at fucking ease Or just plain drunk before noon Wyatt Wyatt, this here's Jen, whose sister turns out the both of us have knowed Mary Bess from the Yellow Bird in Gunnison Even prettier I was speaking to Jen of that $11 We got to go acquire them tools That I loaned her sister We was working out the forgiveness of the debt Well you can work out her forgiveness later I thought we was gonna capitalize on the good will we created Seeing to our fucking capitalizing means more than getting your end wet Here.
This will buy the tools to cut our lumber What are you going to do? The next fucking step of my plan To capitalize? You go ahead down to that hardware place I can see to the tree cutting and more Well only start with seeing to the trees Or don't you think I'm able? Jesus Christ, Morgan Now probably I'll be in this place Well, what did he want upstairs? You ain't got time for me to get into that Morning! Good morning, Mr.
Hearst Very constructive reminder in this morning's edition Will you continue to show that calendar, uh, 11, 10 days, so on? Assuming my press stays intact Thanks, too, for publishing Sheriff Bullock's letter of condolence to the family of that murdered worker of mine Oh, you're welcome I suppose I should have written them myself I'd not presumed to suppose in that regard, Mr.
Hearst, one way or another Was the Sheriff's making his letter part of the public record meant to embarrass or reproach me? I'd not suppose in that connection either I'm to take you for majestically neutral? I'd make the less exalted claim, as a journalist, of keeping my opinions to myself You are less majestically neutral than- than 'cloaking' (camoufler) your 'cowardice' (lchet) in principle? I can only answer perhaps, Mr.
Hearst Events have not yet disclosed to me all that I am Those kind of events could be in the weather, Merrick You might have a second calendar for them The fella all those hats was up in the air about, Mr.
T Ah Claims he drove off them road agents Elrod Yulaham from Galena, Illinois Uh, afraid not Oh, I see now.
You got more flare about the 'nostrils' (narines) than Elrod Uh, this here Gentleman's a hero, Mr.
Tolliver Thwarted a band of brigands attacking the stage out of Cheyenne Three, Craps Don't levy the man's 'wager' (pari), Leon His 'throw' (jet / lancer) got 'queered' (perturb) by Con's 'chatter' (bavardage) Last was no roll Cy Tolliver, Sir It's a honor to meet you.
Thanks in the name of us all Aw, we just happened to happen by That's the first I hear of a we Six is the point.
Point six yeah,  well, I come into camp with my brother Who would be where at this present 'juncture' (moment)? Well, we acquired a timber lease He's out buying tools for us to work it Tools to work a timber lease I guess you're even more a hero, guns being out of your line I didn't call them a fully foreign subject now I see I see Eight.
Point six Pay the man, Leon But I didn't make my point You did to me We ought tryto cross the roadtoday The thoroughfare's a menace 'Ruts' (parasites), sinkholes quick 'slimes' (substance collante) You're the producer, Jack You'll manage Forgive my presumption, Sir Have you 'lanceolate pains hereabouts' (des pointes de douleur par ici)? Yes Intermittent, but sudden, sharp in the onset, occasioned by a tilt of a shoulder, a shift of weight? I may try ice-water 'dousing' (bains) Ah A german Doctor in Viginia City urged me to it A vogue, if you would permit me to say, now quite exploded, even recognized as possibly harmful R eally? Yeah The cold causing too rapid and painful a contraction of muscles already knotted in spasm I see I am aware of a certain technique by whose virtue I was gradually and by degrees relieved of a similar suffering of my own You are? Blessed by my pain's entire remission for 15 years, 1 month and 3 days I 'dread' (redouter) the prospect of ice-water dousing Taught me by a former [Odabashi.]
of the Turkish artillery,[grade d'officier suprieur, du corps d'lite des "Janissaries" au service de l'empire Ottoman.]
come himself to be afflicted through chronic lifting of cast-iron cannonballs Can you help mewho does not know your name? John Langrishe, Sir Ah, permit me to say you are known to me George Hearst Yes.
Oh, yes Would later today be convenient to start, George Hearst? Indeed Better today? No better Nor will be to take him any day to come Be good enough to inform the artisans they will not be renovating after recess at the school Prepare his transport We are going to show him the theater Will you help me? I've other fucking business Seven out Motherless whore Speaking against the establishment's interests, you might leave with a rosier outlook still holding some of our money Big winner on the day Well, those appear to have propagated He worsens, Mrs.
Bullock, never to improve, I'm afraid I'm very sorry, Mr.
Langrishe Hope having postponed the old actor's visit to what will be our theater, its abandonment now argues the visit's urgent execution I understand Forcing this directness upon me When, Mrs.
Bullock, today, will your classes stand in 'recess' (rcration/pause)? How soon could you have him here? The logistics of his transport and the histrionics of his porter may not make it till late this afternoon I'll cancel the session right after the recess Bless you And thanks Oh.
Beautiful I got ammunition left I see that I didn't order any shotgun I'm doing you the courtesy of allowing you not to think I'm as stupid as evidently you believe that girl off who you tore that piece of pussy off of is The girl's sister owed me money From the Yellowbird in Gunnison Well, Jen claims you worked that information from her That her sister owed me money? Yeah Well, did she tell you how I did it?'Cause I'd sure like to remember for the next time I'm short Worked it from her at this very bar in idle chatter having a sister who whored at the Yellowbird in Gunnison, and only then alleged the supposed owed $11 How long you been wearing shoes, counselor? Did you fuck off the full 11? She claims $5 was owed, but my inkling is the right total is seven Thanks Mm-hm.
Where are the tools, Morgan? That is a story in itself You say it weren't an ass fuck, I believe you You buying those Goddamned tools, or not? I wouldn't have chose them not meaning to buy As opposed to leaving chosen goods piled in the middle of the fucking store for every other piece of business to be conducted over and around It's customary to stand by till the transaction's finished I was called elsewhere Elsewhere meaning the Gem You wouldn't be doubting my brother's word? Pay for the tools and remove them, and I'll cease to doubt your ability to do so How's that? There is no losing in a match like that, Mr.
Hearst Never been much for 'draws' (matchs nuls) Well, I-I I meant to say, let the matter be joined aright, whether Bullock or this gunsel stood at the finish, there's no losing in it for you What does "joined aright" mean? Say Bullock was first provoked out the public eye, so his throwing down in public seemedoverquick There's all kinds of implications to that, legal and political too Have you taken steps to join this matter aright? Only steps I took so far, Mr.
Hearst, was to bring me into your presence As to what steps will be required if you give the go-ahead, easy as the Sheriff sparks, and cocky look as his kid wears, the number should be few I would suggest, to keep you fucking protected, that the kid should think I'm 'at the helm' ( la barre) Very circumspect.
Very considerate There are the blankets Oh, there they are You are excused by age and illness I am simply stupid Oh, no At a minimum, unforgivably forgetful My dear boy, we are here now You and I and the blankets Yes, yes.
Um- I wonder where the chair would be in which I'm to be transported Oh that the Countess and Claudia should be wheeling across the thoroughfare even as we speak We shall 'swaddle' (emmitoufler) you like the baby Jesus making the most simple and economical of transactions to transfer to you the Countess and Claudia's chair once they arrive All right.
All right Is he dying? Is he dead? He's in a bad fucking way Here.
Take that for his care and burying Let me get my fucking horse past And let the bank know, someone don't take over this place, that loan they made Steve is going bad Why don't you tell them? 'Cause  I'm a nigger, Doc, that don't care what stands or falls Hostetler was too.
Hostetler was taller than me Fuck you, Steve.
Fuck you, Hostetler And fuck you too! I can ask Jane Cannary tosee to keeping him comfortable See to her bringing back a bottle while you're at it I'll linger, look to these animals till the bank sends someone over That chair is hotel property I will deal with the bathhouse administrator, believe you me Shoo! Shoo! Where have you been? Pushing this contraption through the muck To the bathhouse, it was on loan Wait till you see what they do there Stay right there, Bellegarde.
We're already knee-deep in shit Are those assholes working for you? Those heros that saved the stage? That Dority collected Once he confessed to the stretch I put the one on a fucking string $200 in merchandise in the middle of our store like an interrupted shit Commerce.
Every hump above ground's your master Letter was a fucking mistake No I'm not waiting on Hearst, I'll tell you that right now I am not on his fucking timetable, or at his fucking 'beck and call' ( sa disposition) Yeah A.
W.
Merrick, Al Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph Is Sheriff Bullock inside? Only briefly.
He's 'out of sorts' (de mauvais poil) and going downstairs for a blowjob Come in for fuck's sake! Telegram for Sheriff Bullock What reaction to your publication of Bullock's letter? The great man himself took, um, umbrage It was not a mistake, and we are waiting on Hearst Unless you think those two assholes are his response Not likely Uh, the Sheriff is going for blowjob? Now having paid, may we leave our tools here till we go out tomorrow to our lease? I've had a wire says your statement is true, far as having worked as a lawman Not asking why you put the work aside, I'll say only some that do find themselves ready and uniquely able to work the other side of the street Some do that I took the badge off myself once without losing my impulse to beat on certain types No, that seems never to go Not now! Could I come back soon then, Mr.
Hearst? God damn it Come in Aunt Lou.
Come in now Boots are in the corner I'd pay a man three weeks of my wages, Mr.
Hearst Rode quick to catch my son and give him this from his Mama Searched and searched before he left Come to find it with him gone Lovely garnet Does seem a moral law we find what we seek only tardily Would you send somebody, Sir? My imagination resists the approach, in that however quickly he might catch Odell, until he did, the man would know he rode in the service of a colored person I'd suggest, having packed the brooch carefully and securely, we ship it to New York, where my man Fitzpatrick can give it to your son when he arrives All right Are you afraid that by his not receiving today the token of your love, something 'untoward' (fcheux) might 'befall' (advenir ) Odell? Are you superstitious that way, Aunt Lou? Thanks for seeing to those.
It's the reason I thought you'd knocked Maybe we should head out for the lease Well, now has the sun rose since last I looked? Or more than you let on previous, do you even know the path we're going? No, I do not fucking know Second look, he don't seem such a bad sort, that fucking Sheriff Maybe we ought to be fucking deputies, work our lease on the fucking side Well, did you hear him offer us work? Well, then let's kill him and take his job On the other hand, here is a man who might be about to The one that has a plan for you that factors into yours for us? Do no fucking turn around, Morgan I thought he didn't show up Well, well.
This the hero brother I heard about? This is him, Morgan Earp.
Morgan, meet Mr.
Tolliver who operates the joint How do you do, Morgan? How do you do? What a beautiful fucking joint Well, we like to think so Come on, you fucknut Without a day's education, medical or otherwise, I 'vouchsafe' (accorde) this fucking truth : Those as don't eat without exception fail to survive Fuck ya He's all yours Thanks for your help Yup You heard the lady, Steve.
Them that goes on have got to fucking eat Cocksucker Cocksucker Do for me, Mr.
Hearst, and much more for yourself, this one important thing Breathe, Sir.
Breathe deeply, hungrily, as if your life depended on it And yet slowly! As with the rhythm of the waves of the sea The while, Mr.
Hearst, allowing influx of my motion's heat Do you begin to feel it, man? I think so Hmm? I said I think so Then toobegin to feel this: One towards the neck and one towards the coccyx Ooh! What? My God! Are you all right? I am.
How are you? Ah Some release in tension? Ja Yes Yes, by God Is the pain diminished in some measure? It is Now lie still, Sir.
As your nodals settle to the adjustment Try to sleep I don't want to sleep.
I'm waiting for something Very well, please yourself Second look, she may have decided it didn't suit This hasn't saidanything yet to spare my feelings I don't believe Mrs.
Bullock's that sort I believe them theater people not moving in yet, she feels no call to disrupt her education activities by moving the children out yet from the Chez Amie into this place here In other words, exactly what she said Does it trouble you, keeping watch on a dark place? No, ma'am, it does not.
Especially when I know there's light coming to it One sorry-ass shit eating cocksucker Claudia and the Countess have 'embroidered' (dcor / brod) the tabs in gold : Thalia and Melpomene Big liethe masks Same damn thing, Jack- comedy and tragedy The 'curtain rises' (leve de rideau).
The stage is set before us What's the [rake.]
?[inclinaison de la scne, mesure en nombre d'units horizontales pour une unit verticale.]
Hmm [[  'Dost' (archaic.
= do) 'thou' (=you) know Dover?      [ Shakespeare, The Tragedy of King Lear, Act IV sc.
1 .]
There is a 'cliff' (falaise) whose high 'unbending' (inflexible) head looks 'fearfully' (craintivement) on the confined deep Bring me but to the 'brim' (bord) of it, and from that place Here's the 'fly tower' (espace de rangement d'un thtre au dessus de la scne) If you mount up, take firm a rail in each hand I'll boost your bum, darling Here's the place How fearful and dizzy it is to cast one's eyes so low Set me where you stand.
Let go my hand You're now within a foot Line.
L-line Our father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name He's gone We'll see to him now Winner 10! 10 as hard as they come That is my big brother, who I'm going to be assisting on some very important business for the man you work for, and for whom I may put in a good word for you depending on how good you are to me You seem blue, Jack That old actor I spoke of  passed Sorry Wrapped like a mummy in blankets, drowning in his own fluids Perhaps, Al, given the sleigh ride which ensues, the best connection to leviathan may not be by harpoon Explain yourself I mean the inimical Mr.
Hearst-- suffering with discomfort at his back, the 'wiles' (ruses / artifices) of a bullshitter such as oneself may have use as a feint to occupy him How? Campaign towards relief protracted, punctuated by Pentecostal whoops and manual pushes and prods while invoking arcane authorities the host's unhealthy soul reliable to sustain his symptoms You were good to try a net on that cocksucker, Jack, on such a sorry day Mr.
Hearst! Are we still in a state of respite? The odd twinge, Mr.
Langrishe, but overall much improved A winning 'skirmish' (escarmouche) in a long campaign! Mr.
Swearengen Mr.
Hearst Old friends! Don't imbibe overmuch the evening chill Waiting for something It appears the theater people's moving in was delayed by the illness of one of their troupe, who today, I believe, has died So they should be moving in very shortly Thank you for telling me Without quarrel And you acknowledge your lack of sweetness on retiring last evening? I do, being uneasy about my letter's publication And Mr.
Hearst's reaction Perhaps tonight will be twice as sweet Sweet mother of Jesus Take them amateurs off the fucking sugar tit Mr.
Hearst brought the pros to town Leviathan fucking smiles

--- S03E09 ---
One-third of six is two.
The combination of the safe in the hardware store.
Which you should commit to memory against eventualities.
As was threatened by the arrival of those men last night.
Yes.
There are deeds, some 7% bonds, certificates, sundry receivables, one-third of six is two.
One-three-ought-six-two.
Yes.
The children and I are moving into the new schoolhouse today.
Good.
Ill walk with you.
I wish wed found out the last part for Mrs.
Bullock to tell the children.
We did as best we could.
Does four desks to a row seem right? Mm, if not, they aint nailed to the floor.
You aint seen Jane? The camp is to know theyre here.
The camp is to know theyre my employees.
If this knowledge came first from some disruption of traffic in the thoroughfare, I would have no objection.
All right.
And matters might deteriorate from there.
Coffee! Ready.
Well-positioned, Davey.
Yes, Sir, Mr.
Swearengen.
Eyeing them idlers outside Hearsts hotel.
Copperhead cocksucker Hearst, bringing in the fucking Pinkertons.
Not much of a horserace, Dan, between the appetite for blood and fidelity to political conviction.
Fucking Pinkertons! Do we have alternatives to enlisting reinforcements in Cheyenne? I knew I should have stayed packed from four days ago.
Some bullshits jumping off on the thoroughfare, Mr.
Swearengen.
Get out of the way, Hop Lee! Hang on.
Cocksucker! Cocksucker! Move along, ding-dong! Go get fucking Wu.
Question extant beingtill reinforced, can we learn the ways of church mice? Call on Tolliver.
You will not mistake the newspaperman.
He looks like abig turtle.
Published a letter meant to embarrass me.
That I authored his discomfiture should come clear only as events accumulate.
All right.
The top of my to-do list every morning, and every day gets away from me.
Anyways, here you are.
Here I am.
Als delegate, as far as him and you deal with Mr.
Hearst.
Will you still if invited to sit or will it take me offering a meal? Id sooner not sit, Sir, and already ate.
Only asking, ought I bear a message to Al? Nothing comes to mind.
Horsemen come to camp by torchlight last night.
Tell Al as we didnt wake to the apocalypse, I suppose all we need fear is their Winchesters.
The pillars of my existence who should know each other: Mr.
John Langrishe, my dear Aunt Lou Marchbanks.
With whose art I am most appreciatively familiar.
Uh, Mr.
Langrishe is now to my back, Aunt Lou, what you have long been to my belly.
I may say that so long as the nodals are quiet, that girth at the midriff, preached a sin by so many among the guardians of sacral well-being.
Is absolved as a danger by me.
Ive been heavy all my life.
Oh, I refer not at all to you, Dear Lady.
Salty, juicy ham this morning.
I must have it.
The usual for me, Aunt Lou.
Sit sit sit sit.
Must I do so four times? Ah, my closest confidant in the camp is Aunt Lou, and I say that with every awareness.
Wonderful.
I guess I must have went invisible over night.
I saw you, Drummer.
And yet you cut in front of me.
I just knew you wouldnt be eating.
Did I not see the gentlemen who is still upright arrive in the camp last night? I believe I may have as well.
I was on the porch of this structure, and you with Mr.
Swearengen on his balcony.
I believe he came in on horseback.
Not as a pedestrian, ironically, given his heavy-footed virtuosity.
What did Mr.
Swearengen make of the coming into camp of that man among his friends? Do allow me, Mr.
Hearst, as your corporal comforts advocate, in this regard to be neutral.
Let me show in your company on the subject of Al, no less rigorous a reticence than I exhibit with Al when addressing the subject of you.
Ah!  My ham.
Good morning.
Morning.
Good morning, Louis.
I hope your night was uneventful.
Yes, maam.
Jims late so Ill watch till he arrives.
Thank you.
How have you been, Trixie? No complaints.
As if anybody would give a shit.
I come to put in some money.
Im glad.
Oh shit!  You motherfucker! Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa! I aint no Goddamn nurse! I gotta see to my business in this camp.
Toms rules.
You cant set if you aint drinking.
Hes buying for them that do.
Yeah, uh, and what if he messes hisself? For them that wipes him off.
I aint seeing him out.
I aint gonna fucking do it! You seem better of late at a distance than you appeared when last seen up close.
And now that youve seen me up close? I get the same impression, particularly of a clearness at the eye.
I am better.
Good morning.
Anyways, theres 12 bucks I deposit into my account.
If the currencys counterfeit, my fucking Jew boss is the culprit.
Do not, please, Madam, hasten your business or abridge it.
I dont need no receipt.
Trust the lady.
John Langrishe, Madam, of the Langrishe Theater Company.
How do you do, Mr.
Langrishe? Glad Im well to bid you good morning.
Id undertake two transactions.
Deposit of $4,000 and the borrowing of like amount.
Those would seem at cross-purpose.
Theater types being perceived as transient, nomadic without stake, so to speak, in a places particulars my redundant undertakings would allay mistrust of my kind endemic in such camps as these.
Oh.
No less weighty than my verbiage.
You have your loan, Mr.
Langrishe.
A pleasure, Mrs.
Ellsworth.
By way of publicity, this evening we conduct an amateur night.
I wish to state, unequivocally with this imposing gentleman as witness, I have no gossamer filament of doubt you have skills to delight and amaze.
They have their fucking fun with you, and in the morning, they treat you like dirt.
And you a fucking virgin No, and not pretending to be.
To be wounded by her callous ways.
All Im saying is she could have been nicer, and those steerers more fucking polite.
Assholes! Hey, we got a timber lease to work.
Get over there.
Dinh.
Oh, yeah, Im sure them scribblins as clear as fuckin rainwater to you, Johnny He who was stymied by a couple of fucking Xs and a Goddamn straight line.
Winks, grins, gives Wu the big okay.
Okay.
If I recall the drawing youre referring to, I believe the straight line signifying the bar was first made out by me.
As far as these pictures here, now I, not fathoming the full particulars, I feel I get the general drift.
You best trot upstairs with Johnny, Wu.
Show Al your work is finished.
But remember, Al, hehe aint near as quick as Johnny or fucking Jewel.
No, Al might be confused and treat you to a fucking ass-kicking.
Bok Gwai Lo.
Well, what does Tolliver know of the guns come to camp? Said he dont know nothing.
And you fuckin believe him, huh? I think, I did.
Felt like hes outside looking in.
We ought to form a fucking club.
Fucking Yanktons rejoined us for Christs fucking sake? Must have finished stealing from the Indians.
Wipe your ass, Hiram.
It feels strange at first, but the shit protects against blisters.
Will you be here after work? If I am, will you suck my prick? Well, if you aint, and a fella says Hirams trying to find you, if he dont go on to call you a cunt, hes cutting the message short.
Lets go, Morgan.
What, was it him that got you hooked on cocksucking? Get on the fucking wagon.
Ill be here, Hiram.
Try some shit on them blisters.
Let him fuck your ass.
He may raise your pay a quarter.
You might already be too loose.
See you this afternoon.
A room, if I may, unexposed to the gales which must blow through that hole above us.
Mr.
George Hearst, who is now the hotels owner, put the hole in that wall.
Enhancing not at all for me the prospect of a room in the holes proximity.
Could I get a wheelbarrow or the like? Yes, Sir.
Richardson! Wheelbarrow! Miss Stubbs? I guess youre near ready to take the children over.
Or are you ready now? Do I keep you from it? Oh, ImIm taking the children in an hours time.
Just now you give us happy respite from our numbers.
Anyways, Mose says the man was a Norwegger from Wisconsin, built the building around the tree so as to have sap on hand for syrup, which must takes like hell for being burr oak, but probably smells nice in a lamp.
Does anyone know why he left? No luck on that score.
Far as that, we came up empty.
Its too bad.
Its freer rein for the childrens imaginations.
Fewer facts, I guess, to trample.
I hope that youll walk with us, Miss Stubbs.
Oh Sure.
Good.
Ill see you in an hour.
I recognize, Mr.
Fields, that in any foreseeable future, Steve will not resume operations of the livery or pay on his note to the bank.
Be assured I am grateful for the expedient care you have taken of the livery and its occupants, having no obligation in this matter of any kind.
No shadow ought be on Hostetlers reputation that sold to Steve by me now taking leave.
No reasonable person would cast one.
I guess I can head out then, knowing the one in a 100 that is, wont sully Hostetlers name.
I got a life to live of my own.
As do all here in the camp.
Sorry to hold you all up.
Jesus Christ, whoever thought Id come to write an article? Have you a notice you wish circulated, Sir? What? By Article do you mean you have some notice youd wish published? By article I mean a fucking article.
What would be your articles subject? Youre a fat fucking bastard, aint ya? I think we ought best continue our conversation Sir, when youre not under the influence of spirits.
Something stupid looking about you.
I must insist you leave.
Fucking irritating! How you look makes me fucking embarrassed! Oh dear.
Oh dear!? Oh dear.
Youd better come help your friend.
Mr.
Merrick, Im sorry!  Im so sorry! Swedgin, Hearst, Heng Dai? Were the opposite of fucking Heng Dai! Were bok gwai Lo, the two of us.
Bok gwai lo? Fuck bok gwai lo! Were not fucking heng dai! Were the opposite of fucking heng dai.
Now make your fucking point.
Yah!  Swedgin! Hearst!  Eek! Jesus fucking Christ.
Hes dead, for Christs sake, Wu! Hey, how about the canoe? Did you know that had been fucking invented yet, huh? Custer, chung kuo cocksucka, 150, Custer.
Custer City? Oh! Custer City! Wus holding his men outside Custer City.
Huh.
Cause you and Hearst are on the outs.
Clever precautionary fucking thinking, Wu.
Miss Stubbs.
Mr.
Utter.
Mr.
Langrishe.
The blessed Miss Stubbs, whose bust is so very prominent in the minds pantheon of the camp.
Some not 50 yards from us will put these of mine to shame.
As Ive made to Mr.
Utter a proposal, the answer to which he must generate only in privacy and after meditation, if youll excuse, Ill take my leave.
Well, I will too.
No no no, Miss Stubbs.
It is only I from whom he must be sequestered.
Your counsel may be invaluable.
If you can cartwheel or puff your cheeks like a fish we have a festivity tonight.
Ill live in hope youll attend.
There is a strange fucking bird.
Some kind of, uh,  amateur night hes organizing, connected with his theater.
Some way I couldnt fathom.
A prelude, he called it.
Fuckin Jane ought to break out her bullwhip.
I nearly came to know for Mrs.
Bullock to tell the children why that schoolhouse has a tree growing through it.
The new one has a tree growing through it? Who the man was, why he built around the tree instead of cutting it down.
Mose couldnt find out where he got to.
Why does she need to know where the man got to for Mrs.
Bullock to tell the children about the tree? To finish the story.
More than where the man got to once he was through, Id think the story was of the tree and the schoolhouse built around it.
I guess youre right, though.
II guess children are like that, wanting to know all the information.
I guess thats how they are.
You got something to send, Miss Stubbs? I was just stopping by to say good morning.
Friends become adversaries.
Become now, I hope, friends again.
Doing any good for yourself? Oh, hard of late, Adams, doing that in Yankton.
That is something you would be aware.
From what I read on the crapper.
Washington harasses us for our difficulties in distribution to the Indians, thereby distracting the nation at large from Washingtons own fiscal turpitudes and miasms.
There amongst the turpitudes and miasms, you got caught stealing the money.
The money was not stolen.
There was an amount of siphoning off and certain irregularlities.
Sounds like it was regular as milking Bessie, 96 on the dollar.
Rank exaggeration.
If it was less than 90,  you fucked generations of Indian Agents to come.
If saying so will let us go on, then, yes, we stayed above 90.
And did you lay a few cents by? A few.
Never enough.
Your star here is in ascension? Ive been keeping busy.
Tell me how.
Dont delete a single detail.
Thats a pretty taut line, Mr.
Jarry, not knowing how deep your hooks set yet.
How deep would 500 set it, time being of the fucking essence? Hard to know till its inside my pocket.
Id rather not produce it in this place.
Worse gets produced here pretty regular.
Much has been answered already.
Little has fucking changed.
Ugh, it was nightmarish.
Whatever cogent purpose the man may have had, his drunkenness kept him from conveying, and yet I had the eerie sense he knew what he was doing.
Maybe not so drunk as he seemed, huh? Details, Sir.
Did the newspaperman try to defend himself? Did he beg you to stop? Did he cry out? He said Oh dear.
 Was bleeding and curled up like a baby.
Im guessing your bottom rib is cracked, and this contusion at your belly show the colors of the rainbow before its through with you.
Apparently, my expiration is not imminent.
Course, Im wrong as much as I am right.
What purpose might the man have had, Al, in feigning drunkenness? Allow you to penetrate the pretense? Teach fear while inflicting pain? You printed any letters lately, Merrick, that some miserable cocksucker would send an underling to punish you for? Bastard.
I should be ashamed that I didnt come to help.
Im so sorry, Mr.
Merrick, my dear friend.
Oh, cut it the fuck out, the both of you, unless you want to act to the cocksuckers purpose.
This came for the cocksucker, Mr.
Swearengen.
Take it to him.
Id like to punch him.
Give him the fucking telegram and no punching.
Long pulls on the laudanum as needed.
Check out that sow Tina, Doc, when the opportunity presents.
That aint the whiff of roses when she passes.
Have I bled on your bed linens, Al? You wouldnt be the first.
Do yourself a favor, Sol.
Stop thinking of that derringer as a problem solver.
It solved several for me.
Free fucking kindling, if you have need for it.
Our timber lease aint nothing but pecker poles.
Lets see them blistersHiram.
Aw!  Son of a Jesus Christ, Morgan! Stay inside.
Stay in here.
Help me.
I did, you motherless cuntto bleed out in the fucking mud.
Stand away till I find out what happened here! That fight was fair.
Bullshit!  Corey was under orders not to draw.
Mans guns out of its holster.
Was it you took it out after he was down? Do you say I did? That saw me come from my store as you came down the boardwalk? I say someone did.
Corey had orders not to draw.
Youre fucking under arrest.
What for? For interfering with a fucking peace officer.
Come with me for questioning.
All right.
All right, Sheriff.
You tell your men to interfere.
Give me a reason to do what I want.
Cheyenne and Black Hills Telegraph Company, Mr.
Hearst.
Mr.
Blazanov.
Telegram for George Hearst.
I decline your gratuity, Sir.
Change in policy.
So where you gonna take this, Richardson? To finish curing in the smokehouse.
How long you gonna leave it in there? Three weeks.
How you remember three weeks is up? The notch where I sleep.
Beside the notches for my other hams.
You getting the hang of this, Richardson.
So next time I aint gonna asked you.
Only check did you make your notch.
Youll find it made, Aunt Lou.
Would you excuse us, Sir? Yes.
Odell is dead.
Jesus, help me.
They found him near the road to Rapid City.
How they sure its Odell? The letters I gave him were still on his person, and his Bible bore his name.
Get away from round me, Sir! You dont have to feign strength with me, Aunt Lou.
I aint pretending shit! Get the hell away from round me, Sir! Oh God!  Oh my God! Get out of my fucking light.
Its me.
Who is me?  The fucking eclipse? Mose Manuel.
Oh, really? I thought itit was Giganto, the runaway circus elephant.
Miss Stubbs has been looking for you.
Those kids need chaperoning to the new schoolhouse, Jane.
I cannot hear you, nor can I see you any longer.
You fucking drunken slob! Get up and walk them kids.
Okay, Giganto! Dont tusk me to death with your tusks.
How long do I have to assemble myself? Theyll be ready to go in a few minutes.
Shut up.
Im sorry, Mama.
Im so sorry.
I cant take it.
I cant take it.
Who produced their weapon first? Said they come out the same time.
We drew as one.
Thats a fucking lie.
Come here a second.
Shut up.
Are you as sure about your timber lease? What do you mean? As that this is truthful.
Are you as sure that lease aint worth fuck-all? Absolutely fucking certain.
Then nothing holds you here.
And arguing against you staying is who this fuck-head works for, and the man you shot in the fair fight.
Best you move on, taking your genius brother with you.
UmI aint showed myself to advantage here, Sheriff.
Im fully fucking aware.
Stay close.
I might need you for support.
I dont want to hold her hand.
You can lock arms instead.
Sheriff? Tell him I aint coming for his lecture.
Tell him I dont need it.
Tell him if my temper was gonna get the best of me, this cocksuckers brains would be on the floor.
Tell him I got it.
All right? Tell him Im on top of it.
Sheriff.
Theyre finished, Charlie.
I got it.
I told Mrs.
Bullock Id walk with her.
Well, go ahead.
Hello to Miss Stubbs.
Soap!  Soap with a prize inside! Guaranteed prize in every case of soap! Soap!  Soap with a prize inside.
Hello! As we have in Chicago, Denver and San Francisco, the Langrishe Troupe bids welcome to the Deadwood Camp! Nights to come will find us on the stage within.
Our enactments may bring an odd tear to the eye, and may be relied upon to produce guffaws and howls of laughter.
This evening, however, in memoriam of a passing colleague, whose jocund spirit hovers over our gay fiesta, I will give you his favorite epithet.
All the worlds a stage, and all the men and women merely players.
 Tonight, we will be the audience to you.
How you feeling, Aunt Lou? Im getting dinner ready.
Dont.
Isnt right you serving supper to strangers when youre in such grief.
I want to.
No.
Kitchens closed.
The sustenance I would take in any case, Mr.
Hearst, like a newly-hatched bird, would come, I would hope, from your mouth.
Dont follow so damn close.
Kill you if I could, George Hearst.
Sir!  Do you tumble! Do you have a colleague!  Tumble, Sir!  Tumble away! Soap with a prize inside! Magnificent!  Well done!  Bravo! A round of applause for our dueling gymnastics! And again, whos there next?  Our pick of the week?! On you go, Sir.
Bravo!  Bravo!  Bravo! Young lady, youd raised your hand.
I have a sense you might favor us with a song.
Jesus loves me.
This I know.
When my dad died, I didnt even cry.
Here you are, Ill give you a dollar.
You cry right for him right now.
Oh!  Look at this!  Look! That is the best fucking thing I have ever heard in my life.
Indeed it is, Sir! Hell, its easy for you.
You didnt know the cocksucker.
Whats the upshot? What the fuck is that supposed to mean? I was arrested, I was locked up.
Whats the upshot? Go and sin no more.
Go ahead, Charlie.
Where? Go ahead to the fucking amateur night.
You dont mind? All right.
I believe Ill attend badgeless,  Lest I put a damper on stupidities.
Grandpas trick! It is, yes.
And we oughtnt to let that spoil it for us.
Such elegance! Such dexterity!  Ah, magnifico, magnifico! Lets hear it for the lariat lad.
Get outta here with that fucking nonsense.
Get outta here before I cut your fucking throat! Go on!  Fucking amateur night.
Some people gottafucking work, hmm? Look at this! A mystery from the east.
Magnificent, young lady.
Well done, young lady.
Well done, well done.
Little fucking James, huh? He is a chatterbox.
Why why why?  Shut the fuck up and maybe youll find out.
He liked the tree house most of any.
Whats a tree house doing way the fuck up there? I like them school kids.
Well done, well done.
Ah!  Orbs of gold!  The wonderful Mr.
Richardson And his magic orbs.
And again, Sir, and again.
And again, Sir!  Hidden talents! Richardson! Youre done.
Envy is a cardinal sin, Mr.
Farnum.
Cardinal sin.
How many are they? Another 200 could be brought to the hills if needed.
Why cant the soldiers near Sturgis vote twice? Reinforcements are available should poll watchers prove hostile to repeaters.
Come forward, God damn it.
My back fucking worsens.
I am so sorry, Sir.
Better you dizzy than me have to turn around and look at you.
These votes will support candidates of your preference in each office, Mr.
Hearst, as if cast by you yourself.
My stringent instruction from Governor Pennington is to convey upon my return a confirmation in your hand that that we have had this conversation.
Then the Governor in turn confirms the rumor hes a moron.
My heavens, no.
I do mean that he would seek your signature on any itemizing of particulars, merely to confirm the fact that I spoke to you.
Oh My God.
Oft confused with the most high, though our inseams got different lengths.
Fuck you.
Fuck you! You cant come in here, Cy.
I suppose I could if I want to.
If you need us to talk, we can do it somewheres else.
It aint for you to come in here.
Fuck you, Joanie Stubbs, and your fucked-out whores thinking whats mine to come into and aint.
Come on, girl.
Come on close.
Come on.
Mose!  Help, Miss Stubbs.
Im too afraid.
What a lovely tree inside a building.
Is that a darling fucking tree house in the precious fucking branches for the shitheel little kids to play amongst in jolly joy? Get away, you! Well now, Mose.
Go on! You fat bastard.
Ill hold your heart in my hand for your beady little rat eyes to look at before I shove it down your fucking throat! Cy! I wonder how till tonight I found my way in the world at all, not having my steps directed at every fucking quarter.
Go along.
I got fucking places to go.
Isnt this fun, man?  Huh? Ah!  The camp giant! What a figure! What a figure.
Look at this!  Look at this!  Look at that, Ladies and Gentlemen.
Well done!  Bravo, bravo!  Bravo.
Magnificent.
As I was a-walking down by St.
James Hospital As I was a walking down by there one day Who should I spy but one of my comrades.
All wrapped up in flannel and gray was the day I asked him what ailed him, I asked him what failed him, I asked him the cause of all his complaint Twas all on account of some handsome young woman  tis the reason why I weep and lament.
If she had but told me before she disordered me If she had but told me all but in time I mighta got pills and salts of white mercury but now Im cut down in the height of my prime.
Get six young soldiers to carry my coffin And six young girls to sing me a song I let each of them bear a bunch of green laurel so they dont have to smell me as they bear me along.
So dont muffle your drums and play your fifes merrily And play a quick march as you carry me along  And blaze your bright muskets all over my coffin saying there goes an unfortunate lad to his home.
Transcripts : Cristi Brockway

--- S03E10 ---
Ooh!  Jesus Christ! Whats wrong? Whats wrong? It fuckin hurts, Doc.
What do you thinks wrong? As the particular mix of stupidity and self-pity that moved you is of no interest to me, I will not put to you the question of why you would abrade a healing wound.
I was examining myself for fuckin pus.
Bullshit.
I have a patient whose shattered foot is going gangrenous.
Ill likely amputate.
Hes a salesman.
His livelihood depends on walking.
Ill return tomorrow.
If I see any further evidence of self-mutilation, that will be the last day I treat you.
One wonders, Sir, if last evening installed in your hostel a woman of exotic appearance, not perhaps gypsy by extraction.
What would your business with her be if she had? To hear my fortune told.
Therell be none of that on these premises.
Nor were those my true intentions.
Your query is impertinent.
Is the lady here? As your faith must proscribe receiving bribes, credit the five toward her stay.
Thanks so much, Aunt Lou.
All right.
You know Ill notify you first word from the freight office about your boys remains.
All right.
Theres a stout woman, the Countess Berman, fires and hires for the troupe.
You will meet her at the theater should you appear and apply.
The devout Shaunnesey has a week in advance to your account.
Take it back from him.
I wont take money from you.
Are you not being quite absurd, in the self-serving way of your sex? You come here penniless, a supplicant.
For learning.
Well well welland to learn, must you not live? And how will you do so amidst the thoroughfares depravities? Let me stay in the theater.
At a minimum, for the career to which you aspire you show the requisite presumption.
No small part, the hotels amelioration under your regime.
The nigger cook, no small part.
I heard you.
Hmm, a tenant when last I was resident in the previous regime.
I thought the evening went well.
Wonderful.
Very much to our purposesthe idea of us in the camp.
And what about that beautiful harem dance by that darling little dark-haired prostitute? My God.
Make yourself fuckin small, Mrs.
Ellsworth! My goodness.
I believe someones shooting at the former tenant.
Keep your fuckin head down! Get to the fuckin schoolhouse! Particular attention to the foundling and send fuckin Trixie over here! Oh, just some nonsense among the ordinaries, Sir.
Getting Mrs.
Ellsworth under cover.
Excess of fuckin caution, but you yourself, Sir, are absolutely safe! Absolutely safe, Sir.
Wire Bullock in Sturgis.
Returns urgently required.
 In fuckin generalities only, otherwise that maniacll come back shooting.
No, not that way.
Dont want that cocksucker knowing nothing of our business.
Upstairs and fuckin around youll find the fuckin telegraph.
Johnny.
Oughtnt someone look out for who fired? Richardson, look into who fired.
What was it? The business of others.
Shall we review the biddin in my fuckin office? Oh, I need to take off my corset.
And no one objects to that here.
Easily as it could have been some hooplehead, not knowing who or what he was shooting at, its likely prudent to credit you as the target.
Yes.
If Id been aimed at, of course dozens of authors would need be considered.
Yes.
So I know someones in there, vary your replies, such as, Yesand Id be one of them.
 That wouldnt be very grateful of me.
Its horrible being shot at.
Never gets no better.
Yeah.
What the fuck? Assuming she aint got the smell of gunpowder on her fingers, Im leaving you to her.
Thank you, Mr.
Swearengen.
Who the fuck shot at her? Who the fuck knows?  Hearst?  Her first husbands family? They both work with the fuckin Pinkertons.
Maybe theyre now allied.
Someone should see to the child as her fuckin heir.
Bein looked to.
Just you fuckin look after that one till matters clarify.
Dont think of tossing the place.
Every fuckin valuables inventoried.
Get Tom Nuttall! Cheyennes off.
God damn it!  Second-rate deployment, Dan.
Sending you off for reinforcements to come back to a camp in ruins.
Ill pack, unpack, repack.
Whoever you intended to fuck, send monies to bring her here.
Who I intended to fuck wont ride a stagecoach.
Makes her puke.
Toast and eggs or toast and baconshe can choose or she can mix em, whatever she wants.
Why the fuck are you telling me? Every step a fuckin adventure.
Collect fuckin Ellsworth.
Nothing of her being shot at.
What am I to say Im collecting him for? Just knock him out and bring him im.
Do you want to close? No, I dont wanna close.
Fuckin Hearsts to see not one single sign on any fuckin front that hes had half a cunt hairs effect on any of the comings and goings in this camp.
Telegrams sent to the Sheriff.
Blazanovs helping Merrick dress.
Why the fuck would you say that to me? Merrickthat was beat up yesterdayis being helped to dress by Blazanov.
Now Blazanov sent the telegram to the Sheriff, sos Merrick could come do his part.
All right.
Should I relieve Adams at the schoolhouse? Please.
Let Adams come back here, be available for whatever nefarious fuckin carryings-on you assign him, cause I do not take orders from you.
Before she eats, she somersaults and dont want no one to see.
In fact, I rarely eat before noon.
Well, maybe you just aint found what you like to eat yet.
Get out, Jewel.
Did you ever have bacon? I very well might.
Goodbye, Jewel.
Thank you! That was so considerate of her.
Fascinated by you.
If you saw who it was and want to say, I wouldnt have to tell Al.
I didnt see.
And Im very grateful to be under Mr.
Swearengens protection.
Yeah, hes a prince.
In the Sheriffs absence, I mean.
Good a place as any for you to be in the Sheriffs absence.
She somersaulted and et and says her entire fuckin dietary outlook has changed.
What plate did she et from? She et from them fuckin both.
What a world.
A woman in innocent transit.
A wayward shot from some watering hole, do you suppose, prompted by a surfeit or spirits, exuberant punctuations of some sort? Do you believe anything you say? I am hypothesizing.
And have you some private hypothesis as to my possible role? In the shooting at Mrs.
Ellsworth? In the rising of the sun.
I would hypothesize as to the latter possibility, Sir, before imagining you involved with the first.
Oh come, Jarry.
My holdings butt up against hers.
I value efficiencies and economies of consolidation.
Havent I reason to nudge her toward a sale? Men of a certain caliber cannot allow fastidious morality to distract them from the exigencies of commerce, can they, Mr.
Hearst? And did you heave up your responsibilities upon broad and reconciled shoulders? No.
Perhaps then, rather, at this moment you are Socrates to my Alcibiades, taken it upon yourself to edify me.
Are you saying you want to fuck me? What? Well, you keep calling yourself Alcibiades to my Socrates.
Are you proposing some sort of homosexual connection between us? I forgot that part of the story.
Wait.
But, if I were courting you, Mr.
Hearst, I claim no allure of my own, suggesting only the mutuality of our interests concerning the upcoming elections grants my suit some small virtue.
As you gaze upon me, Sir,recall that some unions of convenience may outlast those conceived in passion.
Get up off your knees.
Of course.
Elections cannot inconvenience me.
They ratify my will or I neuter them.
Compelling perspective.
Time to go back to Yankton.
For me? Yes.
Locked.
The troops in Sturgis will await your instructions.
Thank you very much.
I like winter when snow and ice cover the ground.
 I like winter when snow and ice cover What are you doing here? Too afraid.
If you were too afraid, you wouldnt be here.
Too afraid to explain.
Hes got a note pinned to him, Al.
Take it off him.
Then stick him in the eye with the fucking pin.
He dont mean it.
Tell him, Nothing.
 Ill just keep quiet.
No.
Tell E.
B, Nothings going on,  and then tell him If I wanted to tell you anything, Id have told you.
Dont send the imbecile over with no more notes.
 I cant remember all that.
Can you remember, Nothings going on? Yes.
Tell him that then.
Thank you.
The Mrs.
Ellsworth was shot at? Got her upstairs.
I figuredwed hunker down till matters clarify.
Lovely.
What did the geek say walking past you? The girls in here are pretty.
 The fool husband ought soon appear.
Some small number to deal with his dudgeon, main force in reserve for Bullock.
Okay.
How did sentiment incline in this joint when Bullock and Harry spoke last? Glad when they was finished.
As to who had the upper hand? Fuckin cross-legged pose your man struck, Tom, may have swayed the diarrhea faction.
Creek was having its way with Harry.
The fuck was the logic when he sent that giant Captain to fight you? Get me killed.
It wasnt to get you killed.
His man finally kills you after a more or less equal fight? I gotta go reassure my Jew.
Out of boredoms why he put that fight together.
Same with this too.
Fucking shots at her fore and aft.
Wants to see hes made people afraid, so he knows hes a fucking big shot.
Exactly fucking correct, Tom.
If this was overture to an onslaught, Hes have let them pistoleros loose by now to start the actual killing.
Thats the keenest of fucking assessments.
Mightnt that argue for my trip to Cheyenne? He aint waiting no fucking week, Dan.
I leave here full of confidence knowing youre all thinking in concert.
But Id as soon not die fighting 25 against four you being my missing fifth, the equal of 10 of Hearsts fucking mercenaries, and Bullock, Whos no fucking slouch either, if he ever gets the fuck back, bringing the odds closer to even.
Well, her Jews got sand if you tell him where to point the gun.
Id trust a fucking wire to Cheyenne if I knew someone to send it to.
Far as that, theres Hawkeye.
You were told never to say his name.
Well, now I did.
And Id trust him to hire the guns.
And the hiring to take place where? Up that squaws cunt hes fucking? Squaws in Lead, not Cheyenne.
Did he take vows of abstinence in Cheyenne? Do they let him have wires in his monastery? Id trust Hawkeyeonce he learned the situationto hire the guns without stealing, to herd em back here to help us out, not stopping to get laid in Lead.
Can Hawkeye read? He can, and I can put my words such in the wire, hell take my meaning and prying cocksuckers wont.
Go get the fucking Russian, send the fucking wire.
Out the front or by the stairs? By the stairs, by the fucking stairs.
We want his piss pots play hours occupied by confusion and grievance.
We want him sitting, sulking like a three-year-old whose toys wont do his biddin.
I had a fucking Jack-in-th-box.
Id turn and turn and turn that fucking handle, and the Jack, hed never jump.
If shed complete her walk to the bank shed confound this motherless cunt.
Tea for two, Jewel, on a fucking tray! When did you start giving that cocksucker Swearengen a by your leave and if you fucking say so? Jane.
Alls I asked, Jane, did he know you was relieving me? Maybe Swearengens coordinating strategy cause the Sheriff being gone campaigning his Deputy didnt jump to take charge.
We just thought we could release you to other responsibilities, Mr.
Utter.
And I could run get you if they headed up.
Assuming the unlikely need.
All right.
Thats how you have to fuckin deal with him.
Cocksucker.
How you doing, Ellsworth? What the fuck did you hit me for? You realize that was me? You think Im asking out of general suspicion? All right, Ill, uhIll tell you what happened, fill you in on the full fucking circumstance.
Now, uh Mrs.
Ellsworth is completely safe.
Calm down or I will hit you over the fucking head again, Maybe use some more of them spirits under your Goddamn nose.
What happened? Wellthere was some completely-no-fucking-damage-done gunfire taken at Mrs.
Ellsworth fore and aft.
But sheshe couldnt be no better.
Ill kill that cocksucker.
You get out of my way or Ill kill you fucking first.
Put up a struggle, Ellsworthits stupid Goddamn thinking.
Why would they take shots at Mrs.
Ellsworth fore and aft when they could have just blowed her fucking head off? Goddamn it! Calm down and think about it! They took shots at her fore and aft so that you would come running, so they could do to you what they could have done to her but they didnt.
And to Bullock too, maybe.
So do you see how Goddamn irresponsible it would have been of me to allow you full fucking conscious movement? Do you see? Now Im gonna cut loose them throttles, but you best not make me regret it.
Them shots were meant for maybe rethinking your tenure here, huh? Maybe too, in the aftermath, the shots authord designed Mr.
Ellsworth would be moved to take steps, or Sheriff Bullock would, thatd justify a violent answer.
The author being Mr.
Hearst.
Him, or him having made cause with your first husbands family, Pinkertons presiding over the vows.
Weve wired Bullock to counsel restraint.
Weve Ellsworth trussed up downstairs.
Little in the past commends me to your trust.
Id ask you, accepting the premise that you were bait, not quarrycomplete your walk to the bank.
Get that fucking angler fulminating, tangling his fucking tackle and the fucking like.
Mr.
Swearengen.
Im sorry.
Im quite all right.
I thank God for it.
And Id be glad to keep you company the rest of your day.
Id be glad if youd join me at the bank in a few minutes time, having made my way to the bank alone.
Why in heavens name would you want to do that? To demonstrate his tactics failure and to bid defiance to him who shot at me.
I got an idea who had you shot at.
Wouldnt mind killing him, even if Im wrong.
If the shots meant not to harm me but to provoke certain others, wouldnt attempting that be playing into our adversarys strategy? If it ends with one between Hearsts eyes, let me play to his strategy and welcome.
I hope instead youd have dinner tonight with Sofia and me, all of us having passed the interval uneventfully.
In any case, please accede to my walking to the bank alone.
Id not have you step one more foot forward, Ellsworth.
As I fucking understand.
For Mr.
Swearengen.
Last man took a note for you to Swearengen wound up dead.
The man you refer to knew the note he bore might bring about that outcome.
This notes imports more innocuous.
Will it make you less afraid to read it? I aint afraid.
I guess I made a poor joke.
You do read.
Sure, sure I do.
Read the note then.
Its good.
Out loud, so I know you can.
I made a poor joke Out loud, to prove you are lettered and not a liar unfit for my employ! Thanks from all for your rescue of Mrs.
Ellsworth.
Who could have shot at her? Do you wish her guarded at the bank with the Sheriff away? I saw you let her walk alone.
Answer via bearer.
 You dont read easily, do you? Why dont you come to my office while I compose my reply? Id have asked Jewel ask her, if I thought to ask, if Id foreseen in time.
Youd have only put Jewel in a position She talks to Trixie, the bank woman.
Why wouldnt she talk to us? Cause she has something to say to Trixie.
Wed just be asking conversation that she wouldnt know where to begin with.
Philadelphias where shes from.
S what we couldve had as a subject.
Got beautiful gracious manners there.
Philadelphia, its many gracious attractions.
Her dress, her comportment.
Shed have fucking talked to us.
May we speak? You stand in the hallway addressing me in my room.
Yes.
The girl who danced last evening, vagabond sort, hodgepodge costume I know who you mean.
Shell be staying in the theater, possibly joining the troupe.
Knowing precious little at all events, of the course now charting I know absolutely nothing at all.
You seem to know what it means for us.
Knowing you, I suppose I do, swearing Ive laid no carnal hand to her.
What does installing her accomplish acknowledging me could not? Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ.
That Im old, that Ive lost my belly for sham.
Every drawing I made in this sketchbook, every one Ive dreamed of painting from, near a home where wed live.
Say at least I never asked it of you.
Youd have me say that on the day you ask it of someone else? Shall I have these? No.
Paint every fucking one, Mary.
How well do you know the other guy? Who would that be? That my man Dority killedthe Captain.
We served in the 69th in New York.
Was that a mick regiment? What were you doing? Cutting throats.
I was asking whose flag you were under.
The famous cocksuckers brigade.
Is that so? Command of the all-whore detachment.
Distress you when my man downed your friend? Let me tell you something, Mr.
Swearengen: You dont scare me, and you dont fucking know what happened with the 69th New York.
I will tell you this: I didnt like what happened to Joe Turner.
Mr.
Hearst came to him and said, Make it last, even if you gain the upper hand and can kill him.
 And I think that was halfway selfish of Mr.
Hearst, whereas Joe could have killed your man and didnt, and look how it wound up.
But thats as much as I feel like saying, and thats neither here nor fucking there.
Fair enough.
All right then.
All right.
But Ill tell you this: You dont seem halfway like such a halfway bad fucking person.
So should I tell Mr.
Hearst that theres no messa So youd shoot at a fucking woman? Beat that poor newspaper bastard? Scare that Chinese with your fucking horses? How many ribs you think you broke? Aw, I feel like I broke two or three ribs.
Im talking about that newspapermans ribs, you fucking cunt.
I prayed it would pass! But its a constant fucking sore spot and throb.
Uhyou are a constant vision before me, you and your fabulous bosoms.
I beg you, release your man stallion from his he-stable for another gallop round the ring.
 Not today, Con.
Tomorrow? Come back tomorrow.
Any particular time? Late in the day.
Perfect!  Well be waiting.
Listen to me, listen to me.
And Ill tell you one fucking thing.
Do you hear me? I dont hear nothing.
Im telling you that Im gonna tell you one fucking thing.
All right.
Do you hear me? What the fuck?  Im not fucking deaf.
I want I want to know that Im gonna be fucking heard, that what I have to fucking say will matter, will have some result.
Cause if notthen whats the fucking point? All rightthen Im not gonna say fucking anything.
What do you think of that? He sent for more guns.
He wired for more Pinkertons.
Theyre on the way, and I told you that.
If he finds out I told you Dont worry.
You wont tell him? You might want to close the fucking door.
Who the fuck are you? Janine, thats Saras friend from Cincinnati.
Hmm.
Thats a stupid name for a whore.
Makes the tricks feel like theyre stammerers.
Ja-ni-ni-nine-nine-nine, like theyre in the fucking alps.
You can call me whatever you want.
Well, lets call you stupid until we can think of something better.
You miss Cincinnati, Janine-nine-nine-nine-nine? Are you afraid of fucking Deadwood? Do you miss your Mom and Dad? Do you have one of each? Are they above ground, do you know? OhhDo I see the beginnings of a tear in the corner of your left eye? Im all right.
For the purposes of our discussion.
As much as anyone cares, is my meaning.
All right, stupid.
Conll advance you $5 against your first evenings fucking.
Dont do no dope with Leon.
Welcome to the Bella Union.
Close the fucking door, stupid! Hes got 25 more guns coming, 25 Pinkertons.
When they get here, hes gonna move on the camp.
Before the elections? He had 25 on the way, and 100 at his operation.
Before or after the elections? I dont know.
I dont know.
Please dont hurt me.
Its all I fucking know.
Come on, come on.
Dont give up hope.
Passing a little wind.
Yes.
Yes, come in.
Have you enjoyed yourself today, Farnum? For reasons I find elusive, the day has quite displeased me.
What will help you find a name for your feelings? Shall we cut open your belly for you to wrap your guts around a pole? You seem distraught.
I am not!  I await an outcome! And the readying for it wearies me.
Oh, Dear.
Have you smelt human flesh on the spit? How would I have? I know the smell.
You have been to and fro in the world.
It pleased me to find out.
Well then, fine.
Dont you want to wipe that off? No? You would regret my coming back and finding that you had cleaned your face.
I understand.
Dan, Johnny.
He doesnt want you to dirty your hands.
All that shouting Youre a cunt for hire to shoot at women and the like just trying to frighten you a little, encouraging you to chat.
Who amongst us hasnt wanted to shoot at women once or twice, hmm? Anything you want to say else before I let you rest, knowing I dont sit upon you in judgement? Did he come to you by a different path, Mr.
Hearst? Did he somehow circumnavigate to bring my reply to you without me seeing? What are you talking about? Your man went out the back of my fucking place, and Ive been hoping against hope for reasons beyond my understanding that it was to return to you unseen by me.
He has not returned.
Jesus Christ, maybe he was telling the truth that he was lighting out for fucking Bismarck.
Jesus Christ Almighty! Did you and he have some kind of misunderstanding, Sir, that he took for pretext the letters delivery to make his fucking escape? Well, then I say, Mr.
Hearst, you are well the fuck rid of that cocksucker, that hed show so little loyalty or sense of responsibility to the delivery of communications.
Jesus Christ Almighty, were do we find good help? Oh, and in reply to your letter, Sir, my opinion only, she dont need no escort or guarding, but its the kind of generous inquiry Id expect you to make.
Hows your back, Mr.
Hearst? Hows the fucking back there, Pal? Wu.
Longest a rugs lasted so far.
Whats going on, Charlie? Some fucking day.
It was a good day.
I only wish some of Hearsts pistoleros had come to test our mettle.
Well, once my derringer was empty, you would have been firing for the both of us.
And equal to the taks, believe you fucking me.
Not that I wouldnt have regretted them children having to witness.
Can I tell you something? Okay.
Some stupid fucking thing.
Stupid fucking dream I had.
Okay.
I dreamed last night I was clamoring up a fucking creek bank, which is often required of a drunk.
It was dark, and I couldnt tell where I was till I cleared the bank and came face to face with Charlie Utters ugly mug.
Now Charlies, as usual, on the lookout for Bill thats, as usual too, losing at poker inside the joint were outside of.
Where are we, Charlie? And this could be any fucking place the last number of years.
And he said, Jane, dont you know this is the Number Ten Saloon here in the camp where Bills gonna fucking get killed soon? Jesus Chrihow do you know, Charlie? I asked him.
He said, Dont you know, he says, Some point we know these fucking things? Dont you know the world says its fucking name to us? What the fuck?  What the fuck do I have to dream about this for, I say to Charlie, Wasnt I miserable enough? Jane, fucking Charlie says to me, Dont you know this is the night you couldnt look out for that little girl when you was at Cochrans, and Swearengen come in and scared you and you went down to the creek to weep? Thats where the fuck youre coming from.
And, and, Dont you know, he says, This is the night you spirit that child from Cochrans, and to where our stock was outside of camp, and we watched out on that little girl and sung to her, and you, with the presence of mind to continue the fucking round when I was too fucking stupid? And you said you would Row, row, row and I saidrow, row, row your boatand we had this Now, Charlie says to me, Dont you understand what Im trying to tell you? Any evenings in your life you made mistakes, remember where even evenings you was as most ashamed as you ever thought you could ever be are able to wind up, and dont fucking only remember the middle of the dream! If I wonder why I dreamed that dream yesterday you sent Mose to find me, and I was nearly dead-drowned drunk, and Mose made me get up, and you and me walked them kids to school, and before I went to sleep you kissed me.
After Tolliver come, and you found Mose to help me.
And Charlie to help me find that little girl the very night I got scared and run, and the both of us sung a round to her, and then you went ahead and kissed me.
To spare you surprise on our advent at the theater in the morning, I tell you here and now that you will come upon a certain person a woman who will be joining us.
Who is she? Where has she performed? I believe her name is Joseanne.
She is French? I believe.
I know shes spent time in Paris.
Where has she performed? She has performed nowhere that we would have knowledge of, to my knowledge.
Joseanne? Yes.
Living at the theater? Temporarily.
To be installed thereafter where? Shut up! I wont have it, this is getting off on the wrong foot.
So you commit us to a long relation with Joseanne.
You will find her at the Goddamn theater in the morning is what I mean! And I wont have this Goddamn wrong-footedness.
Mean-spirited is what I mean.
A lack of generosity.
Selfishness.
Dont you think it all has an effect on your performance? Does this performance seem genuine? Situation being fluid and not likely to get less so for a while, I went ahead and reordered hames.
Steve, made imbecile by that horses hoof, he couldnt authorize it.
But I went ahead and assumed whoever finally takes the livery overmight want a restock of hames.
So I ordered em.
Let us give thanks.
Transcripts : Cristi Brockway

--- S03E11 ---
"The Catbird Seat" Quiet.
I notice too, stupid, were each of us breathing in and out.
Its Bullock, Star, Utter, and Trixie.
And Harry Mannings outside on a sorrel.
Whats the whore doing with em? I dont know.
They aint fuckin her.
What the fuck is afoot in that hardware store? Facing the dawn united, were even odds for disaster, let alone in fuckin factions.
Knowing him for an arrant maniac, Ill still not believe Bullock doubts me.
Certain dangers meet to be faced only by the decent and decorous or idiocy of that fuckin ilkis what must have captured his thinking, this fuckin jerk.
Im going over there.
I am going the fuck over.
Let them fucking try to exclude me, huh? You know, saying I like you hefty dont mean you couldnt stand losing a couple of fuckin pounds.
Whatever youd have me scrutinize must wait until certain cocksuckers have received a piece of my mind.
Of whom do you speak? Why are you walking backwards? The inks not yet dry, and Id have your immediate attention to the article at the top right corner.
Stop fuckin moving then.
Oh, thank you.
Hows the fuckin ribs? Very painful.
Yeah, right there.
No rooms to let.
Only taking the air.
Well, go away.
Im at prayer.
If thats not a lie as I situate on the common, what claim has you piety on my deference? Fuck yourself! Fuck you, Sir! Whod prevent expedition of ones lifes disarray.
Telegram from Mr.
Swearengen.
A superfluous trumpeting, Mr.
Blazanov, as we three are alone.
Do I accomplish my purpose, Al, as to the shooting at Mrs.
Ellsworth? Short of accusation, do I waft the odor of complicity at Hearsts direction Give me the telegram.
To settle not only upon his clothing, but as it were, on the man himself, in the very fabric of his being.
This is bullshit! Im sorry.
23 men hired, all on our way.
 This squaw-fuckin idiotproves in eight words hes incompetent and a fuckin liar.
He cant have Adams telegram more than four hours ago, yet he expects me to believe that in four hourshe can prudently assess the qualities of 23 hires.
And you know what on our way means, huh? No.
On our way means theyre getting drunk and blown in some saloon in Cheyenne and running their mouths about this big fuckin filibustering expedition theyre being commissioned for under the command of the famous Hawkeye the laziest, most shit-faced whore-mongering cocksucker to ever piss my money away! Please do not strike me.
Have you finished the article, Al? That I have not wiped his expectoration from my cheek is understandable.
Im threatened with death if I do.
That I stand immobile these hours later speaks of a flaw in my will.
Surely this is not the culminating indignity.
There remains, for example, receiving his regurgitations or swallowing his feces! Would I stand stoicstill? I am going to fuck you up.
Im going to fuck you up.
And Im the kind of cunt youll let close.
Quit it, Richardson.
Is it all right then, the article? Perfect.
Fuckin wafts just the way you want it to.
Ill go ahead and publish then.
I gotta get to the fuckin hardware store! Jack.
Young man? At the souls dark hour? Name one that fuckin aint.
Mr.
Langrishe.
Yes.
Were going in there, E.
B.
Shall I join you, as we all seem up and about? Excuse me Gentlemen.
Waiting for the Sheriff.
We campaign in Sturgis.
A meeting, I gather, of the upper fucking crust exclusively.
No hoi polloi need apply.
I ought to have called you.
What events in the camp would argue I be called back from Sturgis is what we are trying to decide.
Its not a meeting at all, per se.
Now I dont feel so horribly injured.
The meeting per se is what hell not be kept from.
Jack Langrishe.
Hes all right.
You showed perfect judgment, Sir.
Id keep from the camp that your janissaries have arrived.
Well quarter at your find.
Will you drink? No, thanks you.
I will.
Shall we leave it being generally vigilant? Under very specific circumstances well wire you to make early return.
Yes.
Thats exactly it.
And those would be? Any further shooting out of the ordinary.
Like at Mrs.
Ellsworth, definitely.
Hearst-initiated horseshit of any sort.
Intimidation or the like.
If it looks to eventuate in immediate violence.
Otherwise why try even to make it to Sturgis for the speeches? Hearst-initiated bullshit is inevitable is his point.
Surely, Sir, you leave in the certain knowledge that you are the camps irreplaceable man.
He dont need no further encouragement in that way of thinking.
Comes to sending a wire, I put that Russian ill at ease.
Oh, I do all right with him.
My meetingsI provide refreshments.
You were shown the tent of the man I want killed first.
Looked fine, how he wants to work it.
Im leaving.
Come in.
Its too much.
Hes too cruel.
Come in.
Brazenly sends the other packing, to brazenly install her replacement in the theater.
How was he brazen with the one who left? No one with eyes could fail to recognize their connection.
And now brazenly Us recognizing his connection to the one who left does not mean he was brazen.
Fine.
Fine then.
I just came to say goodbye.
Must I agree he is brazen for you to not leave the troupe? He has no respect for art.
Claudia.
He hates me.
No.
I was well-received in Denver.
Yeah, very well received.
I could have stayed.
I could have let you all go on.
I think you were approached by Millerick.
I was.
Go to sleep, Claudia.
No coaches now anyhow.
Did he suspect Millerick approached me? He doesnt miss much.
He misses everything.
I juggled at amateur night.
And what are you doing now? Praying for my loved ones.
How nice.
Lucky them.
Would my conversating with her or lingering after supper have disrupted the little ones routine on a day that had been disrupted previous? Yes.
Already shed seen a series of people taking up watch to protect that schoolhouse, and how many questions must have occurred to her because that is a bright childWhat is transpiring that we need guarding from? And what memories must that have brought back of her own dear family murdered in a sudden fake Indian depredation by shit-heel fuckin road agents.
Not solely how would I like to be passing the evening, the like.
When Ive left, have I given the mother more calming down to do before she gets the child asleep? Thems the sort of things is what you have to consider.
Fuck, must you hover, fucking Merrick? I admit to wondering, Al, if you have any further impression of my article.
Didnt I tell you how well it wafted? If on second reading Merrick, its a good article.
Itll no doubt irritate him, fucking Hearst, but Im wakeful wondering who hes likely to shoot at next, so with regard to that Ive gave your article all the thought I need to.
Who do you think he might shoot at? I have no fucking idea, Merrick.
I doubt itll be long before we find out, and in the fucking interval until we do, I guess Ill just have to abandon any prospect of finding respite in any part of your rag I could just fucking read without having to evaluate how it fucking wafts! Oh, which leaves me the solace of contemplating the journeying hither of the intrepid fucking Hawkeye and his 23 fucking reprobates to even the odds in the coming combat.
Didnt tell you that, did I, Adams? Hawkeyes wire to announce hes on his way.
Does that sound likely to you or does it confirm our deepest doubts about his incompetence and veracity? And mine, in turn, about you that I allowed to fucking vouch for him! Couldnt let him read his fucking paper.
I wont be lingering once weve finished.
If you want to stay and politic, youll have to ride back alone.
I hate what happened in your home.
Its all right.
Your wife good enough to ask me in for breakfast.
Im working on my presentation.
That lovely woman putting her hand behind her for support when I feared she might fall to the floor.
Would you shut up about it? And then, even if only briefly, to have failed to acknowledge it had been my wind, Id Whats your purpose here? What do you mean? Theres no Sioux around here.
Shall I go find some, ask em to join us? Im saying theres no Fort and theres no Sioux.
Why would they have you bivouacked? Seems like you got me confused for a general.
Dont be grazing by the windows.
Come in and listen or stay the fuck out of sight.
I guess you got yourself mistaken for a general.
He wants to know what were here for.
Were here for the election, maybe gonna exercise the franchise.
Time for us to speak now, Sheriff.
Have they told you yet who youre voting for? Not yet.
Sheriff, we Shut up, Harry.
Mr.
Utter! Mr.
 The key got stuck.
Ready for fucking Freddie? Hearst let his dogs loose.
Davey, get to the Russian.
Tell him to wire Sturgis.
Say to wire Bullock as agreed, huh? I want my child.
IllIll go get her now.
Mr.
EllsworthMr.
Ellsworths been shot.
Mr.
Ellsworths been killed.
I want my child! Shell be here with you before you know it, Mrs.
Ellsworth.
Oh, what did I do to him? Well go upstairs, get you a drink.
What did I do to that poor man? You didnt fucking shoot him.
And dont be going off into fucking hysterics, huh? Collect your child.
Utter will be back with her here any minute.
Come on.
Im going to make her breakfast.
Pinchbeck motherfucker.
My goodness!  Bare-breasted.
My word.
Who has commissioned such behavior? Who summons you with such power to do his will? Mr.
Hearst?  Mr.
Hearst? Did someone interrupt your rendez-vous? Did someone else attack him? Cover those things.
Give me your fucking poot-butt gun.
Why? Fucking shoot me with it if you dont.
Whats going on, Trixie? Ellsworths murdered, and I fucking shot Hearst, and I dont think I killed him! Shoot me or hell do for all of us.
Shoot me!  Shoot me! Dont you fucking take me anywhere! Shut up! Stand the fuck up! I piss hard-stole money away to gussy you fucking cunts up.
Starchy bullshit.
And fucking pretend theres a difference between fat ass snatch and fat ass snatch in a fucking petticoat! Come on, Mr.
T.
Where are we going, you rummy-faced piece of shit?! Im just saying Just saying what? What were you just saying? I dont know, Sir.
Werent you being this fat twats gallant? Aint Con the nuts, fatso? Aint it great to have a fucking beau? Im Seth Bullock.
In Montana, I had a hardware bidness with my partner Sol Star, and we do the same in Deadwood, which we came to in 76.
I was Marshal and territorial delegate in Montana, and Im Health Commissioner and Sheriff where we are now.
With the hills now part of the new territory, I run for Sheriff of the new organized county.
If elected, my intentions to look to the good and safety of people hereabouts.
I will venture my life that law-abiding persons will be secure in their rights and their property.
I have to go.
What is it, Bullock? What happened? Dont you know? Have they just got you handling the votes? The voting exclusively.
Hes dead.
Dead! And at my hands! Or the next thing to it.
Who? Hearst! Hes dead? I think.
Boss! Excuse me.
The gimps making breakfast for you, if you aint ate yet.
Jewel.
Well, where was he hit? I dont know.
Trixie shot him.
Boss! Trixie said she killed him? E.
B.
said Trixie killed Hearst! You saw him dead? No.
How bad was he hurt? Im not sure.
Well, how bad did Trixie say he was hurt? If he wasnt hurt, wouldnt I have seen him pursue her? What you mean is she might not have fucking shot him at all! Four steps removed no fucking closer.
Boss.
Or w-wouldnt he have? Wouldnt he have what? Shut up, E.
B.
Im a dead man.
You aint gonna be alone.
Ive made this fucking walk before.
All right.
Stay here till I get him.
Then you get out! Get out with your hovering and fucking clucking! Before hell breaks fucking loose.
Trixies here, in back.
Your idea, her coming here? My fucking idea, after she did what she did.
Was it your idea to have her do that? All right.
Loopy fucking cunt.
Mothers upstairs.
Get out of the fucking way, Jewel.
Here, let me take it up.
No, you fucking wont.
Oh for Christs sake.
Mr.
Utters come with the child.
Getting another plate.
Mr.
Utter said only that Sofias mother had requested her at the Gem.
Rely that something fucked has transpired With Mose God knows where, and me likely needed in camp.
Uh, go ahead, Jane.
Ill stay with Mrs.
Bullock.
Trouble jumps off, ring the bell.
Thatll bring me fucking running.
All right.
Or I guess maybe Ill just stay instead.
I suppose theres some connection between his condition and yours.
That bare-breasted woman who shot me seemed to think there ought to be.
Shit! Go ahead, knowing Id appreciate less enthusiasm.
Through the years, that fellows path and mine crossed several times.
I never meant him a moments harm, but the natural operation of my holdings and his bad luck brought me to figure in his imagination as some sort of bogey.
I expect my attacker was a bawd connected somehow to the man in back before he married so luckily.
Likely, she fell victim as he did to imagining me responsible for the change in her situation.
God damn it! Often, because our interests are extensive, people like me are believed the authors of events which may benefit our holdings, when our connection in fact is incidental.
God damn it! I have some calls to make.
Will your gunmen let me pass? Of course.
Dont you want to dress the wound? My name is Joseanne.
Mr.
Langrishe was so generous to say he would install me today in the theater.
Sit down, dear.
Oh! We are waiting for him.
One of our chief occupations.
Mr.
Farnum! Ah, good day, Sir.
Mr.
Farnum, a little while ago I heard what I took for a gunshot and impression, I remark, not on the grounds of its uniqueness, but for the shot having seemed to issue from so near to my recumbent ear You are not mistaken, Sir.
The hallway, that is to say, separated from where I rested only by a wall whose thinness youve no doubt had others before me deplore.
The walls do thicken in our west wing.
Ill have a quick look for vacancies.
Hearst shot, the wound, alas, not mortal.
No help, as we say at the tables.
Boothnever went you better.
Anon anon, Sir.
Anon anon.
God damn it, Richardson.
Youre too ugly to be sneaking up on fucking people.
From Mrs.
Marchbanks.
We got all the fucking food we need.
Who the fuck is Mrs.
Marchbanks anyway? Its Aunt Lou.
I guess Id know her for Mrs.
Marchbanks if she took time to introduce herself.
Tell the arrogant nigger thanks.
No hurry returning the basket.
Tell her my fucking names Miss Caulfield I think.
The terms come clear.
If shed keep her property here, shell leave, having first hired as many as Hearst has, and who can kill as well as his do and aint disadvantaged too, to keep Hearst from killing her, whichby the shots yesterday and Ellsworth butchered today means her to understand Hearst will not cease endeavoring to do.
But if shed herself stay in camp, she must sell her property to him.
A very pithy rendering.
I want to feel his beard.
Mr.
Ellsworths with God now, Sofia.
I want to feel his beard so I can pray that hes saying goodbye to me.
Duck duck duck duck duck.
Goose! Go, James, go! Go, James, go! Go, James, go! Go, James! Aww! Outflanked by a boy half my size.
Next time Ill get you, James.
Ellsworths murdered, head-shot at the Garret find.
Your partners sweetheart put one in Hearsts shoulder.
Wheres Mrs.
Ellsworth? Above with the child.
With the child.
I fucking heard ya.
He once had something to do with her.
Reason for his making the case she sell, keep her here for another swing.
Reason aint his long suit.
Bullet, removed uneventfully.
Lets pray he avoids infection.
What did Hearst say of the shooting? That some bawd still connected to Ellsworth musta blamed him for the murder.
Wrong-headed and fallen in the bargain.
Would you find pretext to let the mother know Im here? Bullocks with her.
Shall I shout out and ask it of him? Very much in your line, this type thing? Yes.
Not to my taste at all.
Times past, ones fled.
Docs here.
Someone fell.
Will you excuse me for a moment, Darling? I want to see Mr.
Ellsworth.
Excuse me.
Are you certain that she saw her family dead? Yes.
I certainly assume she did.
The man I once was, Al, was not formidable, and I am but his shadow now.
And yet Id be put to use.
A decoy, perhaps.
A weight to drop on villains from above.
As I heard the account, the child was found inside a hollowed-out tree trunk some distance from the others.
Having crawled from the carnage and hidden herself, Id always assumed.
See, I suppose, rather than Sofia crawling unseen from the carnage, the possibility might exist that the family hid her in the tree trunk and then fled that distance before the murderers fell upon them.
For the child to have been found having been savaged by wolves, those hours later by strangers, and then taken away having never seen her family again, living or dead I can fix that.
Slainte.
Thought you was near pitching a tent and setting up housekeeping over on that first step.
You sound like a pig my cousin run off with.
Get another? If that cocksucker hadnt shareholders, you could murder him while you adjusted his back.
Serpents teethshareholders.
10,000 would rise to replace him.
All right, darling.
All right.
Monitor my thinking, Jack.
Oh, no warrant as to competence.
Had Hearst wanted this woman killed, shed be dead already.
Agree.
The husbands murdered to coerce her to sell.
For the moment, the childs safe too, huh? Pending the mothers decisionagree.
Safe then to let em go, huh? I would, Sir.
Yes.
Gonna take Mrs.
Ellsworth home.
As you think  best.
I wish to thank you again, Mr.
Swearengen.
We are all very grateful.
Trixies with Star at his place.
No on knows but Shaunessey, who lives in fucking terror of me, huh? Passages between their places only Shanessey knows.
Heartfelt condolences, Madam.
I get to see Mr.
Ellsworth tomorrow.
Very good, young lady.
God bless.
You take care of them, Bullock.
Leave the other to me, huh? Oh, Bullock, you might want to stand guard outside her place.
Ill take Charlie as backup.
No no, Hearst aint gonna be coming for her.
But to bring the matter home as grave, itd make a case for her selling her claim.
Not to jeopardize the tranquility of your own hearth.
Thank you for looking to them.
Nimbleness, Lad, dexterity.
Id prefer Hearsts advantage at arms.
True, true.
The world is less than perfect.
The camp is galvanized.
People scurry about.
Theyve tasks to perform.
They feel important.
I oughtnt to work in these places.
I was not born to crush my own kind.
Right with you, Wu.
In there.
In there.
First door.
Yeah, in there.
When he leaves, them that aint lining this fucking hallway like hes the tallest, best-looking white man ever got fucking lucky, better prepare for a fucking beating.
WuCuster Citybrings back all his Chinks the fuck back to Deadwood.
Wuback Deadwood? Brings all his Chinks back, huh? Wu, Custer City, back Deadwood! Ding n amah gai.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday, Tuesday! I am sorry, Wu.
Im sorry I made you wait.
But I want you to bring them now.
While youre about your journey, Ill be trying to conceive some practical use for your countrymens arrival besides seeming to swell our ranks.
Oh, well give em guns, yeah.
Well provide em with guns, so any of the slant-eyed bastards know what one is, or, perish the thought, know how to use one well enhance our prospects.
Guns.
Chung Kuo.
Wu, Custer City, back Deadwood.
Shut the fuck up, Wu.
Heng Dai.
Heng Dai.
Heng Dai, fucking Wu.
Big man.
Wubig man.
Rouse him to spend on pussy, or rob the son of a bitch.
Transcripts : Cristi Brockway

--- S03E12 ---
" Tell Him Something Pretty " Quit your Goddamn knockin'.
I'm comin' Casket's come with your name on it Why tell me in the middle of the night? Body's inside Evidently not mine But I'd as soon make delivery You'll find out where when I decide.
Good night I don't like your tone of voice Who are you, Mr.
Utter, for me to care what you like or don't? I'm the guy that the next time you see me, you'd better take a different fuckin' tone with Given what's in store, I'm not sure I'll ever learn what price I'd have paid for not complyin' Oh, I guess someone lookin' hard might could find you in there somewheres, peekin' from under the covers to make a fuckin' threat Their quality apart, Claudia, failing reception, our efforts are lost to the 'void' (vide) I understand Don't say so! Please! I lose my thought This camp is in mortal danger The man Hearst is a murderous engine My friend Swearengen, aware their combat is unequal, feels the appeal of the 'gory' (sanglant) finish Others I've just come to know stand candidates in the elections, whose results they know may be 'moot' (discutables) What, one is disposes to ask, in fuck ought a theater man to do? Of a certainty, our debut's postponement is necessary But unless of one's own 'volition' (volont), certain is it too that one would not be canceled To prevent that, if need be, even off the boards, one would take steps of one's fuckin' own! Why did you bring me here? I don't know, child What's the point Al having us leave 'I.
O.
U.
s' (reconnaissances de dettes) when Wu can't read fuckin' English? Wu gets back, he'll take Al the I.
O.
U.
s for interpretin', find out Al did the rightful thing while he was gone That's big point with Al, ain't it? When he ain't lyin', Al's the most honorable man you'll ever meet Johnny, balance up against this fuckin' Chinese sign while I lay my rack on your shoulder Why? Just shut the fuck up.
Get this meat inside What are you gonna do? Murder Where the fuck you been? I fuckin' vouched for you! We're camped up at the Spearfish 'Meadows' (prs / prairies), as not to tip Hearst off till Swearengen can deploy us I mean, I rode into town to tell you, but I fell one saloon short Come on Lots of Chinks in that meadows up there Is the railroad comin' to camp? To have kept our claim, we'd have had to leave here, you and I, so that thugs we'd have had to engage could counter Mr.
Hearst's thugs without having the further responsibility of defending us So we are to sell, Sofia, so that we may stay To be fair to Mr.
Hearst-which is more than he deserves- the price he is paying assigns a great worth to our holdings, which lacking expertise of our own and others now being absent who might have provided it, as a practical matter makes refusal absurd But how I hate to give that man what he wants Your hair has survived my diatribe If we left, we wouldn't be able to see Mr.
Ellsworth And we are not leaving Your fuckin' throat's gonna be at risk, Hawkeye, in case you don't fuckin' realize, which wouldn't bother me except mine's gonna be too Advancing your interests, Mrs.
Ellsworth, mine and all others, what we do here seems natural and proper Mr.
Newman, I ask you to ready payment to the officers of Mrs.
Ellsworth's bank We'll receive it where we can put it in her safe May I hope, Madam, you do not subscribe to this insulting and juvenile precaution? I do not find the precaution juvenile, so many having been murdered with whom you've had dealings in this camp At least you acknowledge the insult I acknowledge the 'pretense' (faux-semblant) to civility- in a man so brutally vicious-as 'vapid' (insipide) and grotesque Have the gold seen to her bank, Newman.
Have its purity 'assayed' (examine) Let her or her seconds choose the man When that 'tedium' (ennui, ici : perte de temps ?) is completed, have the documents witnessed as though we were all of us Jews And bring the business back to me Excuse my absence, Mr.
Star, as I hope you'll forgive my thoughtless 'aspersion' (dnigrement) on your race You stand for local office, but some contests being countywide I await wires from the other camps You've changed your scent Can't shut up! Every 'bully' (tyran/brute) I ever met can't shut his fuckin' mouth except when he's afraid You mistake for fear, Mr.
Bullock, what is in fact preoccupation I'm having a conversation you cannot hear Oh see, that's just Miss Stubbs now answering my message I sent her by secret thinking, requesting 'unguent' (onguent) for my 'bruises' (contusions) Hello hello, Miss Stubbs Joanie : Hello hello, yourself.
Hello, Sofia Sofia : Hello, Miss Stubbs I'm just going to the center.
I wondered if you needed anything Oh, I've let her in on it You needn't tell a stretcher how it is you come to appear You told? Asked for unguent by secret thinking for the beating she was giving my hand That's my purpose in the center.
Stopped to ask if you needed aught else If I did, I believe you'd already know Hit her a good one for me I will Come in! I  was looking for Mr.
Hearst Who do you think you're talkin' to? Candidly, of late, I'm at pains to be certain which voices are within me and which without This one is without, telling you to come in Of course What is it, Mr.
Hearst? I've sensed for some while we owed each other a talk Let the outcome be 'grim' (sombre/sinistre) or worse, I'll at least be relieved that it's past May I look at the 'addressee' (destinataire)? How will you know to whom it is to be delivered if you do not? Oh dear Well, I'll be on my way then Must have shook 100 hands in Sturgis When you declared for Sheriff, Harry, I feared you'd be a poor campaigner and 'derelict' (ngligent) in your duties here You've 'held your end up' (fait ce que tu avais  faire) and more Ache in my hand and 'wrist' (poignet), the 'deep-set dirt' (crasse incruste) defies me Well, if sweeping, you don't raise your usual simoon, it's a 'paltry' (drisoire) price to pay Fuck if you saw that comin' I have something to show you, Harry The Finster Model 60 'steam pumper' (pompe  vapeur) fire wagon Three 'brass nozzles' (tuyaux en cuivre) Nickel-finished firebox? I believe that to be the case Did the hats come? Is that a 'checker' (pion) in Steve's mouth? You don't want to look after him, just say so Who says I don't? Only he 'kibitzes' (fait des rflexions sur) my moves Where are you goin'? Takin' him to vote for Bullock This may require my supervision I'll vote just before lunch And  I'll go once you've relieved me You don't expect me to believe you didn't 'steam this open' (dcacheter  la vapeur) and 'reseal' (sceller  nouveau) it for me to open again I didn't wanna know This motherfucker! For my complicity in his shooting, he orders my death You did read it Be quick then, please Your complicity's mostly in your 'noggin' (caboche), E.
B It's the whore he wants dead By what vile method then? Is Trixie to be drawn and quartered and set aflame? Say he'll have my answer in an hour Al E.
B I can't, Al I can't engage him in further conversation When I hear his voice, I see the inside of his skull! Phantoms grin out at me, 'oozing gruesome goo' (suintant une horrible matire poisseuse) Slide this under his door then Would you rather I tell him? Only decide quickly Fear is every man's portion Did he send for you, Joanie? What's happenin' here, Con? Well, not knowin' Mr.
Tolliver's, uh, present state of feelin' towards you is why I ask Then why don't you stay the fuck out of it, Con? I wasn't fuckin' dreamin'.
It is Joanie Stubbs I got "Stay the fuck out" written on a stone tablet in my bedroom How you feelin', Cy? I get around all right Your color's better Is that a fucking fact? My color's better, Stupid Stupid, this is Joanie Stubbs Hi What's your name, Honey? Go ahead and tell her your name Janine Hi, Janine Hi Go ahead now, Jan-nee-nee-neen, and finish your Latin lessons and your Greek The thirst this girl has for knowledge, she's barely time to suck a prick She's pretty What the fuck do you want? I've been thinking about you is all Help me understand cunt, Lord Saying the other night you oughtn't come inside that school, Cy, don't feel I don't wish you well Buy some lines in the paper, Joanie.
Let the public know I know you meant that for me in your way What? Meant me well If it's Christmas, where's the fucking snow, or the fucking harp music or the like? If it wasn't for you, I'd have died a long long time ago Some happiness has come into my life now, and I'm grateful I didn't My 'lines' (domaines) are women, liquor and 'rigged' (truqus) games of chance.
Are you playing? What do you think of all this trouble Hearst brought? Does a girl have to drive 'cattle' (btail) for you to eat her pussy? You voting, Leon? Against the opium 'ordinance' (arrt/loi) What the fuck are you looking at? That whore's gotta die Jen? Hearst won't stand for an empty coffin Likely, he paid most attention to Trixie's tits and snatch, so Jen'll adequately pass Jesus Christ I know.
You like her She's a nice girl All right She's learning to read Spend some time with her, and let me know when you're done You'll scare her I've done it once or twice, Johnny She won't know that's what I'm there for She won't need to.
You scare her no matter what Oh, just give me a fucking knife then.
Just give me the fucking knife Fucking  Trixie! Don't get me started What are you doing? Going for a 'stroll' (ballade) to the 'polls' (lections) One vote for Star buys a hand job Repeaters get a suck Trixie I'm through staying inside.
If something's to happen let it happen to me You  selfish cunt! No one asked you to put me up That's right.
That's right My fucking choice! I'm not fucking afraid I guess maybe I'm not either Not to die Well, ain't you clever? Ain't you fucking clever, you deep thinkin' fuckin' Jew! Sol : Why bother with your boots then, Trixie, if you're going to be on your knees? Trixie : Let go of me! No! Let me walk out by myself ! The fuck if I will! At least I can say I threw you out if you'd rather die than live with me! Use just half till you see how you stand it It itches bad I'm saying use just half till you see I wanna talk with you No, I mean it, Jen.
I wanna talk Pure conversation Nothing for you to be alarmed about Four and five deep to vote, Boss Eyes up or predominantly down when Hearst's 'goons' (gros-bras) 'glare upon' (intimident du regard) 'em? Uh, I want to go check again Good.
Good.
Never opine short of certainty What is this, Jen? A wall? On the surface, yes, it is But inside, many creatures go about their lives, such as 'ants' (fourmis) They got a whole operation going They got soldier ants and worker ants and whore ants to fuck the soldiers and the workers, right inside that wall, baby ants Everyone's got a task to 'hew to' (abattre/raliser), Jen You understand me? Jesus Christ's fucking sake We'll talk about this later I can't Give it to me then No Give me the fucking knife She ain't stole or been 'quarrelsome' (querelleuse) or set the bedding afire Get out of my fucking way, Johnny It ain't fair to fucking kill her Since when did that begin entering in? I won't let you pass, Boss Johnny I won't.
I won't let you You're willing to die in her stead? If I got to preferring you'd handle things different Make sure the whore don't leave.
Let Johnny cool down, then knock him the fuck out What's gonna happen? What's gonna happen is I'm gonna go look and see if, perchance, I mightn't be the owner of another fucking knife Richardson! I can't remember Come here.
Give it to me I don't suppose you gonna go vote 'stocking-footed' (en chaussettes) I  forgot Ain't those them? You gonna vote for Mr.
Bullock now Even though he beat Mr.
Farnum, 'cause he took you-know-who by his ear Like some others ain't brave enough to do Anyways, Harry Manning gives me splinters How's he do that, child? Raising the windows after he's ate RichardsonRichardson, you're right about that South had that man's gas to load in their cannons, shoot, wouldn't be no free niggers nowhere Noah hisself would have throwed him out the boat Now that's for us talking now Don't you be saying what I say to you outside these rooms First you back, you're gonna clean your mess up, Richardson.
You hear me? Yes, Ma'am Okay.
Go on on.
You look fine Thank you Remember who gave it to you, boys.
Vote democratic Look what broke out their cage-a monkey Right to vote shall not be abridged or denied on account of race or color or condition of previous servitude law of the land thereafter, including territories They got something about niggers not waiting their turn? Not that I'm aware of Oh, you ain't aware of it Then I guess you'll want this white man voting first What's a few minutes more? The nigger was before him Yes No he wasn't I guess you're blind and stupid I believe I'll vote later Fuck if you will.
Get your nigger ass back in line You'd better be walking him home afterwards You'd better see to that yourself, 'cause if he don't make it, you'll be eating your 'spuds' (patates) running till I 'hunt you the fuck down' (dbusque) And that ends that What your shit-stirring started Will you drop your fucking ballot? Ain't it wonderful, Steve? Sorry for all the 'commotion' (agitation), Miss Stubbs That's all right, Mr.
Utter Uh, I got something at the jail for you and the other one 'Cept right now I'm pretty agitated Well, I got time Maybe you'll calm down as we walk All right How do you make your way, Star, not sometimes buying silence by punching her in the fucking mouth? She thinks Hearst is going to want her dead She thinks you'll kill one of these others Oh, Jesus Christ Al :Jesus Christ Sol : Is it true? I already fucking did Is that true? Don't waste your Jew's time wondering what's true and what ain't You go over there, tell fucking Hearst the whore Trixie has been killed, and then tell Joan of Arc that instead of flames lapping at her tippy-toes, you'd have her live to fuck in the morning And after to you tell fucking Hearst, before you tell that 'loudmouth' (grande gueule) cunt, tell your fucking partner I need him here Don't talk about her that way Oh, I fucking 'recant' (me rtracte).
Off you fucking go.
And don't neglect fucking Bullock.
Water comes to a boil Unlucky fucking 'mutt' (andouille) You remember Hawkeye How many has he got? Ride from Cheyenne 'winnowed the wheat from the chaff' (a spar le bon grain de l'ivraie) How many, Adams, of the promised 23? Almost 18, Mr.
Swearengen, camped in Spearfish Meadows, ready to join in the issue What does he mean by "Almost 18?" Turn me loose Ain't that Mr.
Wu? In there, Wu Go with him to get the men, station in Cochran's Alley Send word you're positioned with the 'midget' (nain) That went off well Hello, hello What  happened, Jane? Nothing out of the ordinary The bank lady took her child to Ellsworth's grave and I got drunk How long you been here? Many years.
Or is it a day or two? What's important is you get to keep asking me questions so I don't get to ask you one Go ahead Why in fuck, with me asking you in to play hot hands with me and Sofia, you stood there instead looking like you just did murder? Well, you didn't.
I'd come in if you'd asked Bullshit! How can you say we've been sending secret thought messages and pretend you didn't know? Well, anyways Anyways, what? Anyways, I've just finished my business at the center Who gives a fuck? I saw you, and then I went to the Bella Union, and I talked to Cy real quick, and then I went and saw the voting- Is that so? Oh, so did you go see Cy real quick? Did you 'pay a quick call' (rendre visite) on Cy? Did they stick some quick pricks in you? It wasn't like that, Jane Who gives a fuck? Not me I saw at the voting what I guess you knowed about Mr.
Utter all these years, and Mr.
Hickok musta knowed What he's like in a tight-one he didn't even need to be in Yeah, he's okay in those I want to be that to you Even when we don't 'get along' (s'entendre) You got that part down perfect, me and him What, the "don't get along"? Of course we had years of practice He sent us this That's Bill Hickok's robe you got there, that's whose that is Warm I, in no way, wish to 'impugn' (contester) his veracity, but I would have Mr.
Swearengen understand that for her try on my life, I ought to see that the whore has paid with her own All right Wherever the viewing will impose least You'll go there? Of course I feel very safe in this camp This fucking place is gonna be a fucking misery Every fucking one of them, every fucking time I walk by, "Ooh, how could you?  How could you?"  With their big fucking cow eyes The entire fucking 'gaggle' (troupeau) of 'em is gonna have to bleed and quit before we can even hope for peace What's the fucking alternative? I ain't fuckin' killing her that sat nights with me sick and taking slaps to her mug that were some less than fucking fair I should have fucking learned to use a gun, but I'm too fucking 'entrenched' (but) in my ways And you ain't exactly the one to be leveling criticisms on the score of being slow to adapt You fucking people are the original slow fucking learners! How was she, pal? Good, wonderful I don't mind a small pair of tits You sure you're done? You look the sort could turn right around and drop the hammer again I will if it's free See you later, Pal C'mere Did it seem like Hearst ordered the interference? Huh-uh Being stupid on his own, that strong-arm was Or if you want, I could say "Yes.
" Tea, Mr.
Utter? Tea got kick to it too, a little, don't it? Would you rather coffee? Oh, no no no I ought to get familiar with tea Uh, Much free liquor as them Pinkertons poured against you, Sheriff, it seemed like strong support for you and Star My election's countywide, Charlie That's what's fucking worrisome, fucking countywide aspect Mr.
Star I'm sorry for 'barging in' (faire irruption), uh What is it, Sol? Uh, everything Mr.
Langrishe 'Making bold' (je m'enhardis) to ask after your health, Sir I was shot in the shoulder So one understood But the wound seems healing clean And your back, Sir? Oh, deprived of your Turkish artillery treatments, my back is as it was Please blame my 'dereliction' (ngligence) on the demands of readying our theater I had been blaming your choosing old friends over new 'acquaintances' (relations) Please, sit down One prays always, Sir, as one's store is depleted by time, new acquaintances may become one's friends As your friend, I ask if you believe that fate has not chosen for your encounter with your deepest destiny the place where you now find yourself, while decreeing for some- my friend Swearengen included-quite otherwise? Your proposition is that this place at this hour will show all of Mr.
Swearengen? Yes And Mr.
Bullock, who took me by the ear? I only hazard my impression that, less possessing his character than possessed by it, he is also someone for whom the outcome must be soon Whilst imagining for you, Mr.
Hearst, the earth entertaining some larger purpose to be told you elsewhere and at another time Why do you say so? In those words, I mean-"The earth speaks"? A vestige of childhood tales in which not only humans spoke, but other creatures too Mountains and streams I imagine she speaks to me still, the earth, what's inside her, how to get it out Comprehending such a language can cost a man his own kind's sympathies Arguing perhaps for a more solitary life Sad 'anointing' (sacre) The mountain I must go up on, Mr.
Langrishe, I have ascended before It's in Montana, and I came down it with silver, suspecting there was copper too, and now I'm told that's true Do I understand you to say you're leaving us? For the Anaconda, yes But first, I'll have the election returns, and then one last visit with your friend to see the cunt who shot me dead Good day, Sir Box her in my office Send Jewel up to clean up the mess? If I'm having her boxed in my fucking office, don't I want the blood left for the cocksucker to see? And when that's over, if we're still alive, I'll clean my own fucking mess up Look in on Johnny, see if he's grown the fuck up Sturgis is a 'landslide' (victoire crasante) for Harry Manning Heavy 'turnout' (participation) among the bivouacked military "Within the hour," Hearst said 20 minutes or so ago Didn't you tell him? I have not as yet, no How do you think you might enjoy private life? Sturgis? Put her in? Don't I want to put my dress on her first, you fucking moron? I'm sent to check on Johnny.
I'll come back and put her in She's, uh, putting Jen in her dress Johnny Then I'll do the boxing We show united in the prelude when he's making his entrance and the fucking like Comes to viewing the body, I stand for virtue alone The deception failing, I'll 'make a pass' (faire des avances) at him with my blade In the aftermath, play the lie as mine, knowing I speak of you in heaven Others owe thought to the future-their thinking straightforward don't come that naturally to Fuck you, Dan! Fuck you! You got my condolences As sorrowful as the passing of Jen is, you know that Al, he didn't have no choice Bullshit Feeling how he feels about Trixie, is what I'm saying Come on, Johnny, you side with your feelings Right or wrong, you side with your feelings Now can you come to yourself in time to be of some fucking use? You don't chew your cabbage twice, do you, Mr.
Newman? I guess I don't have to set big blocks of time aside for this future collaboration between us that Mr.
Hearst outlines here You don't want to crack too fucking wise I don't want to be talking to you at all, Mr.
Newman, but that seems to be the way the hand lays I tell him you agree? Yeah, you tell him I agree, and I appreciate the chance at a new friendship A few nails in the box, Dan, would do me for pretext All but sucked your prick, you'd have me be your fucking quartermaster The rising tide of fucking chinks, Janine? The 'ragtag' (disparate) collection by the hardware store: I'd put in Swearengen's camp Good dope today, am I right, Leon? Last two or three days have been good You are a fucking beauty, Leon Lifts me up to be with you Jesus! What the fuck did you do to me, Sir? I believe I fucking stabbed you Gentlemen Any word yet on how the other camps have voted? Is it as Sheriff, Mr.
Bullock, you divide us? Need anyone divide us inside? Are you sure you still hold office? If I'm beat, it owes to Yankton's whore buying cavalry repeaters in Sturgis Why, Sir, then you must protest; camp in Yankton; protest and demand justice; grab the legislators by their ears Ain't you hear to confirm a croaker? In here? Mr.
Newman and so many of his cohorts as he deems appropriate will precede us You don't mind if I go in alone? Not at all, Sir Hearst moves his operating headquarters to Lead, I get to see to all his other-than-mining interests here in the camp Congratulations, Sir Thank you, Leon If those are your last words here on earth, you tell the Lord you went out stupid He's dead Oh, not yet, honey See how the blood still pumps a little out his leg? When they're dead, that turns to seep Do you believe I will leave without seeing? Well, I was hesitant to presume What do you want done with that body? It's Mr.
Swearengen's affair now The body at my fucking freight office, what you want down with that one? You'll be wired instructions Has she family ought be notified? I don't notify fucking family I guess especially not hers She has a sister, whores in Gunnison Jen's sister, you could write to, care of the Yellowbird I'd take that fucking scrub brush I wonder if, the other day, you took my not publishing the news that you'd been shot for a failure to observe, or lay it correctly to a judgment on my part that suppressing the news would better serve the camp I've stopped reading your paper, Merrick I'll have my people here start another one- to lie the other way Hop down I'd like to take a last look around If I'm quick enough about this, Janine, maybe me and Mr.
Hearst will get to hear the Lord judge Leon You want to get a listen too? Huh? No, Charlie Yes, Mr.
Bullock? You've looked at your last body You're done tipping your fucking hat Get out of here or I'll drag you out by the ear Oh, Please.
Please don't Drive on Tell fucking Con to take care of that asshole You done fucking good I did fucking nothing That's often a tough one, in aid of the larger purpose Which is laying head to pillow, not confusing yourself with a sucker? Far as I ever get 'Cause that's gonna be a project tonight Did she suffer? I was gentle as I was able, and that's the last we'll fucking speak of it, Johnny Wants me to tell him something pretty [ The end? Let's hope it's a "to be continued" .]
:)

